//レベル１散歩導入（初回のみ）

//------------------------------
//ADVパート

//黒画面

***BGround_BG99_00


At Demi-Cafe, only customers are allowed to go on 
dates outside the store during business hours.

Maybe it's because I'm a customer of Neko-chan, an 
unwieldy cast member, but I've only been coming 
here for a short time, and I'm able to make that order.

However, a mere date would end with a bunch of 
mindlessly convenient words.

The old me would have been delighted by that, but 
now it's not enough.

she probably doesn't realize it, but her clerical 
attitude is magnifying her desire to be thoroughly 
disciplined and subjugated.

Order a special date from Neko-chan to fulfill it.



//音瑚の部屋のBGM
***BGM_ティータイム

//背景：音瑚の部屋
***BGround3D_BG00 3D_ID_00


//音瑚立ち絵イン
***ST01_10_00_04_05_00

音瑚(CH01_0320)
『I think that order is a bit... arrogant.』

主人公
『I thought you'd accept me submissively since you 
recently said you were prepared. That's the extent 
of your resolve?』

***ST01_10_00_04_05_00
音瑚(CH01_0321)
『I'm just saying I'm prepared, I'm not saying I'll 
do everything.』

I immediately tried to cut out a special menu for 
an out-of-store date, but she was quite reluctant.

主人公
『I'm just going to go for a walk around a certain 
course near the store so that I don't get caught 
with a toy in my hand, and then come back.』

主人公
『If I walk normally, it'll only take me about 15 
minutes.』

***ST01_10_00_03_00_00
音瑚(CH01_0322)
『How can you walk around with a toy in your hand? 
It's not even a matter of time.』

主人公
『I'll be right behind you, and you won't be 
walking around naked. As long as Neko-chan keeps 
her cool, no one will find out.』

***ST01_10_00_23_05_00
音瑚(CH01_0323)
『That's not the point! I can't let something like 
that get to me!』

I really don't think I can keep my composure. 
she's already forgotten how to dress up her tone, 
and she's turning red and pouncing on me.

主人公
『Well, I just want to feel like I'm out on a date 
with Neko.』

***ST01_10_00_23_03_00
音瑚(CH01_0324)
『That's it! Then there's no need for extra toys! If 
it was a normal walk, I'd be happy to go.』

主人公
『No, that's fine too. I've paid a lot of money for 
Neko-chan, and it's only natural that I want to 
receive the service I deserve, right?』

***ST01_10_00_23_03_00
音瑚(CH01_0325)
『Well, that's true, but.... But to walk outside 
with a toy inside...ugh...』

主人公
『'Or do you want to have sex here as usual? Oh, you 
prefer a live cock to a toy?』

***ST01_10_00_03_03_00
音瑚(CH01_0326)
『No, no, no, no, no! Don't talk like that! It's a 
misunderstanding! Fifteen minutes... fifteen 
minutes is all it takes, right?』

主人公
『'Only if you walk properly. Either that, or you 
can stay here and suck my cock until the end.』

Neko-chan may come at me when she's upset. But if 
she gets on board with this, it's all over.

***ST01_11_00_03_04_00
音瑚(CH01_0327)
『Yes! Well, well, well... a walk! I'm going for a 
walk! I'll go outside with that toy...』

Okay, here it comes.

***ST01_11_00_04_05_00
音瑚(CH01_0328)
『Let's go as soon as we can. I'll get the job done!』

//SE・コンというグラスみたいな固い音
***SE_putting_a_water_glass2

Then Neko-chan drank her drink from a large glass 
and placed it on the table.


主人公
『'Haha, that's brave. I'm glad you took my order.』

You finally drank it all... Everything's going 
according to plan now.

主人公
『And I'm going to blindfold you so you don't run 
away. And a leash.』

***ST01_11_00_04_05_00
音瑚(CH01_0329)
『You're such an animal...! And if you wear a 
blindfold, you won't be able to walk properly!』

主人公
『Don't worry, don't worry. I'll lead the way, 
don't worry.』

I forced Neko-chan, who seemed unconvinced, to 
agree.

I guess the resistance is small compared to toys. 
she didn't say anything more.

主人公
『Wouldn't it be better to insert the toy here and 
now? Unless Neko-chan is a pervert who wants to be 
penetrated outside.』

***ST01_10_00_03_03_00
音瑚(CH01_0330)
『Oh, of course! I'll be right here, please...』

主人公
『Here, open your legs. ...yeah, yeah, spread them 
a little more.』

***ST01_10_00_25_05_00
音瑚(CH01_0331)
『I'm so embarrassed...』

she slowly removes her pants, which are soaked in 
the girl's scent...

//SE ズプヌプ系音
***SE_2020_a

A lotion-laden vibrator is slowly sunk into her 
clitoris.

***ST01_11_00_25_05_00
音瑚(CH01_0332)
『Ah... haha... so deep...』

主人公
『If you don't put it deep enough, it will stand out. I 
think Neko-chan's tightness is good, so I think 
she'll be fine, but make sure it's tight and don't drop it.』

***ST01_11_00_25_05_00
音瑚(CH01_0333)
『Hm...huh... I understand... Ahh...』


***Item01_0000


she gently put a blindfold on her face, which was 
holding back.


//***BGround_BG99_00

主人公
『'What's the matter? Are you more excited than 
usual when you're blindfolded?』

***ST01_11_00_25_05_00
音瑚(CH01_0334)
『No, it's not that... it's just that my insides 
are tingling... it feels weird...』

The glass that Neko-chan drank out of. I had 
dissolved a strong diuretic in it beforehand.

***ST01_11_00_25_05_00
音瑚(CH01_0335)
『Huh...』

I guess it's already starting to take effect...

主人公
『Relax? Let's go, then.』

***Item01_0001

I left the private room, holding the leash that 
extended from the collar properly.

Taking great care not to let other guests or cast 
members see this unusual appearance, I went out 
the back door of the lobby.

//SE：扉バタン
***SE_DOOR_Fridge_Close_stereo

//黒背景終わり
//背景：道路
***BGround3D_BG30_01



//BGM
***BGM_Dope_town_-_bassmusic_loop_2

//***BGM_wind1_2

//音瑚立ち絵イン（着衣・目隠し・バイブあり）

***ST01_11_00_25_00_00
音瑚(CH01_0336)
『Haa...haa...』

This was the third time Neko-chan had stopped 
after leaving the store.

***ST01_11_00_25_05_00
音瑚(CH01_0337)
『I'll start walking right away... I'll start 
walking right away... Wait, wait, wait. Wait, 
please...』

***ST01_11_00_25_05_00
音瑚(CH01_0338)
『Huh, huh, huh, huh...』

Neko-chan's hand reaches for the vibrator again 
and again. Even though it's slimy, it's tightening 
up and not dropping.

主人公
『If you pull it out or drop it without permission, 
we'll start the walk all over again.』

***ST01_11_00_25_00_00
音瑚(CH01_0339)
『U, yes...! Um... No one is walking around, right? 
Is anyone watching us?』

With each step, another short tail sprouted from 
her pussy and stirred her naka.

主人公
『Don't worry. Don't worry, I'll take care of the 
area. You won't hear anyone's footsteps or voices 
but mine. Come on, walk.』

***ST01_10_00_25_00_00
音瑚(CH01_0340)
『I understand...』

I can almost feel the anxiety in my heart.

主人公
『Neko-chan, your walking pace has been slowing 
down since a while ago.』

...I was squirming by the time I left the 
restaurant. Although she didn't say it out loud, 
the diuretic effect must have been strong.

***ST01_10_00_25_00_00
音瑚(CH01_0341)
『No, that's not it...』

主人公
『'Well, let's keep walking. We're almost at the 
turnaround point.』

***ST01_10_00_25_05_00
音瑚(CH01_0342)
『Ha, ha, ha, ha...』

If you look down at her, you can see the blatant 
color of the vibrator that she is holding firmly 
in her mouth.

主人公
『What's wrong?』

I think it's about to get hard.

***ST01_10_00_25_05_00
音瑚(CH01_0343)
『It's nothing...』

Neko-chan, who is clearly straining herself, is 
interesting. I stare at her body.

Normally, I would immediately make a face of 
disdain... but now, blindfolded, I wouldn't even 
notice such a disgusting gaze.

主人公
『I see. Then let's move on.』

I let Neko-chan go on without showing any sign of 
concern.

//SE 革靴（主人公）の音
***SE_kawagutu

***ST01_10_00_25_00_00
音瑚(CH01_0344)
『Haa... haa... haa...』

主人公
『Are you tired? Or would you like me to stimulate 
you more?』

***ST01_10_00_25_06_00
音瑚(CH01_0345)
『Oh, no...』

I made the vibration of the vibrator just a little 
bit stronger and she screamed unexpectedly.

主人公
『You're strangely sensitive today.』

***ST01_11_00_25_05_00
音瑚(CH01_0346)
『It's nothing. I just want to finish my walk and go 
back to the store.』

Maybe it's because I can't afford it, but I've 
forgotten how to talk politely.

Normally, Neko-chan makes it look like she's 
obedient. But Neko-chan suddenly got on my nerves.

主人公
『No. It's nice and breezy. The breeze feels good. 
Let's take it slow.』

I tug lightly on the lead, and at the same time, I 
make the vibrator move all the more intensely for 
a moment.


//★ここからへたりこんだりするのでシネマ★


音瑚(CH01_0347)
『Oh, no... Oh, no, no, no... Mmm...』

The next thing I know, Neko-chan is slumped down 
on the floor, her body bouncing wildly.

主人公
『Oh, what's wrong? Did you just cum? You're such a 
naughty girl... come on, stand up.』

Of course, they can't see our faces, which they 
enjoy agitating.

音瑚(CH01_0348)
『No, no, no, no. I'm not coming... oh... pee... let 
me go to the bathroom...』

主人公
『Oh, the bathroom... okay. Just stand up. Then 
I'll take you there.』

she still believes it's just a walk to be tinkered 
with toys.

音瑚(CH01_0349)
『I'm gonna...I'm gonna...』

It looks like it's working pretty well. It would 
be interesting to see if she shits her pants, 
but... let's stir things up a bit more.

主人公
『What? What?』

I look down at her, biting back a laugh.

音瑚(CH01_0350)
『If I stand up now... if I put too much pressure 
on it, it will leak... please, let me go back to 
the store...』

You think that if you talk politely on the 
surface, I'll listen to you. You're about to 
become incontinent with a vibrator in your mouth.

主人公
『I don't like it. I still want to go for a walk. I 
still want to take a walk. It's weird that a cat 
who needs to pee is wearing clothes.』

I put my hands on Neko-chan's clothes. I let out a 
short scream and try to get away from her hands, 
but I can't resist properly because of my urine.

音瑚(CH01_0351)
『No, I'm not listening to this! I'm not listening! 
No! Stop...ugh...』

Do you feel like you're going to leak if you put 
too much pressure on your hands trying to push 
away or your legs trying to spring back?

I was able to get her completely naked in a matter 
of seconds.

//音瑚立ち絵・全裸
***Item01_0002
***SE_MOVEMENT_Snow_RR1_mono



音瑚(CH01_0352)
『No, no, no. Give me my clothes back. Please, I'll 
do anything you say. I don't want to shit my pants 
in the street.』

//SE 遠い車のエンジン音
***SE_CAR_Drive_By_03_mono

As Neko-chan's words intensified, I heard the 
sound of a running engine from across the street.

主人公
『Get down on all fours quickly. If you sit and 
squirm, you'll stand out and they'll know you're 
naked.』

音瑚(CH01_0353)
『Ah...』

//シネマA
***Cinema_0300


she somehow managed to flop down and start walking 
on all fours. I could see that she was in pain.

音瑚(CH01_0354)
『I don't need to go to the store, but I need to 
use the restroom, please.』

主人公
『I'll let you go to the bathroom in the park nearby 
if you walk without leaking.』

//このあたりで車発動（端から走らせる）
***Cinema_0301

音瑚(CH01_0355)
『Oh, please... hide me... and don't... let... 
me... be... seen...』

主人公
『If you stop and hide it, you'll stand out. Come 
on, walk.』


***Cinema_0302

音瑚(CH01_0356)
『Oh, no... Please, don't... Pull it out... it's 
vibrating, it's hard... it's leaking...』

主人公
『Okay, but I don't want to know if the stimulus 
you pulled out causes a leak.』

//SE 適当なところで車が走り抜ける音を入れる
***Cinema_0301

音瑚(CH01_0357)
『It's still good...』

主人公
『Oh, I think the driver might have been looking at 
me.』

***Cinema_0303

She is already bright red, but it makes her even 
more embarrassed.

音瑚(CH01_0358)
『Oh no...』

主人公
『It's okay. You look great in that outfit.』

I would "praise" her by tweaking the vibrations on 
the vibrator to suit my whims.

音瑚(CH01_0359)
『Don't say that...』

主人公
『Does that make you feel even better?』

音瑚(CH01_0360)
『No, no, no, no, no...』

主人公
『You're so bossy...well, that's just like 
Neko-chan. Oh, there are two guys coming from over 
there. Here, walk properly.』

//Bモーション
***Cinema_0304


音瑚(CH01_0361)
『No, no, no, no. No, please, protect me!』

//SE ２人の足音+あるなら話し声

主人公
『Shoo! Don't shout, just walk.』

音瑚(CH01_0362)
『Aah...ugh...』


***Cinema_0305


カップル・女
『So, when I told the Chief that...』

カップル・男
『Hmm? Hey, look at that.』

カップル女
『What, what? Oh, no.』

***Cinema_0304

音瑚(CH01_0363)
『Ugh...ugh...』

A young man and woman walked innocently towards us 
from the front. They seemed to be lovers.

Obviously, she was curious to see our Neko-chan's 
disgusting appearance, and slowed down her pace to 
stare at us.

カップル・男
『Naked, collared... wow, they're sticking 
vibrators on her!'』

カップル・女
『Are you a pervert? I can't believe I'm here...'』

音瑚(CH01_0364)
『Haha, haha... don't look at me...』

カップル・男
『That's an awesome play.'』

It's time. Let's show them. I raise the vibration 
of the vibrator to the maximum.

//Cモーション
***Cinema_0306

音瑚(CH01_0365)
『Heeeey!』

音瑚(CH01_0366)
『Ahh, ahhh, no, no, no, no... Ahh, I'm coming... 
ah!』

カップル・男
『Wow... that was amazing...'』

カップル・女
『Hey, hey! Let's go already!』

The man's eyes are glued to Neko-chan's 
lasciviousness. The woman hurriedly tried to walk 
away as if she was pulling her away from it.

//SE 遠ざかる足音

音瑚(CH01_0367)
『Ah, ah... ah... ah...』

主人公
『Oh, she's gone. I could have shown you more.』

音瑚(CH01_0368)
『Oh, no... ah... ah... ah... ah...』

主人公
『Haha. The guy was staring at Neko-chan and had a 
huge erection.』

主人公
『What's wrong? Stop. Did you want me to see more of 
you?』

音瑚(CH01_0369)
『I'm going to pee... if I move, I'm really going to 
pee... stop the vibrator... I can't stand it... I 
can't do it anymore...』

主人公
『I see, I see...you've reached your limit. I don't 
know how you've been able to endure so much with 
those strong diuretics, great, great, great.』

音瑚(CH01_0370)
『No, no, no...?』

主人公
『I'm not going to make it to the bathroom in time 
anyway, so let's do it here.』



//放尿プレイへ

//レベル１散歩導入（初回のみ）・終わり


***Scene_散歩プレイへ


































































































