//音瑚レベル移行劇2→3
//------------------------------
//背景：音瑚の部屋
***BGround3D_BG00_01

//音瑚の部屋の音楽
***BGM_ティータイム

//音瑚立ち絵イン

***ST01_42_00_01_01_00
音瑚(CH01_0225)
『Well, well, well, well... Come visit me 
again!　I'll be waiting for you!』

主人公
『Oh, yes. I was just about to leave when I forgot 
to tell you.』

***ST01_20_00_04_00_00
音瑚(CH01_0226)
『I'll never ask you to do it all over again.　I will 
never ask you to do it all over again.』

主人公
『Starting tomorrow, I won't be able to come here 
for a while.』

***ST01_20_00_06_06_00
音瑚(CH01_0227)
『What? What...? What? Why? Don't tell me you're 
mad because of that?』

主人公
『'No, I'm just going on a little business trip for 
work. I'll just be traveling for work, but 
Neko-chan will be in trouble without me.』

***ST01_20_00_04_00_00
音瑚(CH01_0228)
『I'm not in any trouble! I'm glad I don't have to 
look at you. ...Have a safe trip.』

主人公
『I thought I said 'trouble' in terms of money.　Did 
you think I meant that I'd have trouble getting 
laid?』

***ST01_20_00_03_03_00
音瑚(CH01_0229)
『Of course it's money! I'm sure you're the one 
who's going to get in trouble if I get another 
customer while you're away!』

//音瑚立ち絵はけ
***ST01_20_00_03_03_05

I left the store, laughing at Neko-chan's 
determination.

***BGM_FadeOut

***BGround_BG99_01
//黒暗転

-----

--

-Mr.

***BGround_BG00_00

My boring but hectic business trip is over. It's 
been a while since I've been to a demi-cafe after 
work.

Anyway, let's go see Neko-chan. After completing 
the reception, we headed to Neko-chan's room.

//SE：ノック音
***SE_door_09_knock

//背景：音瑚の部屋
***BGround3D_BG00_01

Before I could... open the door, it opened first.

***SE_door04

she leaned forward slightly in surprise.

//音瑚立ち絵イン

***ST01_21_00_05_05_00
音瑚(CH01_0230)
『Moo! Uncle, you're late! I've been waiting for 
you my whole life.』

主人公
『Oh, hey, Neko-chan? ...What's wrong?』

***ST01_21_00_05_00_00
音瑚(CH01_0231)
『It's really too late... come here quickly...』

Before I can say the next word, she grabs my arm 
and tries to pull me to the bed. I don't 
understand.

***FadeInBlack
//黒暗転


音瑚(CH01_0232)
『I know you said you were working, but you've been 
away from the store for a long time, are you tired 
of me?　I didn't act cute at all the other day...』

音瑚(CH01_0233)
『I haven't seen your face in a long time, and I 
can't take it anymore.　I'll do my best so that you 
don't get bored, so watch me...』

What do you mean, "see"?

***BGM_ファイル名
***FadeOutBlack
***Cinema_0600
***LoopCV_0003

音瑚(CH01_0234)
『Hmm... ah...』

音瑚(CH01_0235)
『My uncle is watching me... she's in this room and 
I can smell her... ah, ah, ah, ah...』

主人公
『It's not like I've never done this before. I've 
never done anything like this before...』

音瑚(CH01_0236)
『I've been alone for a long time, and I couldn't 
kill time, so when I was in this room, all I could 
think about was having sex with my uncle.』

***Cinema_0601

Neko-chan's fingers were slick and shiny, coated 
with a generous amount of love juice.

音瑚(CH01_0237)
『Even when I'm doing it myself, it's completely 
different with you there! It feels 
so...good...mmm...』

she was making such a disgusting noise that I 
thought it was louder than her voice at times, and 
she was getting himself impatient and aroused.

音瑚(CH01_0238)
『'Hen...right...okay, smile. I'm tingling.　I 
haven't been this excited since uncle stopped 
coming.』


//Bループ
***Cinema_0602


音瑚(CH01_0239)
『Look, it's already so thick, my juices from when 
I feel best are overflowing... hahaha... ah...』

When I stare at it after being told to do so, I 
see that it is indeed overflowing with white, 
bubbling real juice.

It not only soaked her clit, but also dripped onto 
the sheets.

音瑚(CH01_0240)
『The one who made me like this... is my uncle...』

音瑚(CH01_0241)
『In the beginning, I was only doing it for the 
money, but now I feel like I could have done it 
with anyone, but I'm so frustrated...』

As if in proportion to her bouncing breath and 
voice, her fingers sank hard into her bloodshot 
cleft, making a gurgling sound.

音瑚(CH01_0242)
『Just thinking about it made my heart beat faster 
and faster.』

音瑚(CH01_0243)
『My whole body, my breasts and my pussy feel so 
good... hey, can you make me hard like this today? 
Do it hard...』

She wiggled her upper body lazily and lustfully, 
her lips moistened with saliva moving.

When I try to peek at her, she pulls back and 
invites me in.

//Cループ
***Cinema_0603

音瑚(CH01_0244)
『I've been doing this to myself while you've been 
away.　I moved my fingers in and out just like 
you've done for me...』

音瑚(CH01_0245)
『But I can't just do it by myself...』

...I didn't care if Neko-chan was acting 
differently from usual anymore, I was completely 
absorbed in watching her.

音瑚(CH01_0246)
『You can't stop, but it's not enough...』

Ask questions that you would normally be able to 
prod away in anger.

主人公
『...Neko-chan, is that begging masturbation?』

音瑚(CH01_0247)
『I don't know. I've never been like this before, 
but I can feel my uncle watching me, and I can't 
wait to do it.』

I grin inwardly.

主人公
『I was just away and I didn't tell you, but you've 
learned to beg and masturbate on your own, haven't 
you?』

音瑚(CH01_0248)
『I've never been gone this long before. I want you 
to hurry up and take responsibility for making me 
like this.』

主人公
『There's nothing I can do for a cocky kid who 
doesn't know how to beg.』

//クパァ待機
***Cinema_0604
***LoopCV_0090

音瑚(CH01_0249)
『I'm not going to be cocky anymore, I'm going to 
beg for it, haha, I want it, I want it here, 
please...!』

主人公
『It's begging to say exactly what you want and 
where you want it.』

音瑚(CH01_0250)
『Here...insert...it...here.........』

主人公
『What is this place?』

音瑚(CH01_0251)
『Oh, pussy...』

主人公
『What?』

音瑚(CH01_0252)
『Oh, cock...』

主人公
『Whose cunt do you want in whose cock?』

音瑚(CH01_0253)
『I want your cock in my cunt.』

音瑚(CH01_0254)
『Come on, come on! I can't take this much 
pain...please! Give me all you want...!』

主人公
『If you want it, you have to ask for it. If you 
want it, you'll have to ask for it properly.』

音瑚(CH01_0255)
『Oh my god...oh my god...! Please insert your cock 
into my pussy...』

Now it looks like it won't be a problem to give it 
another push at all.

主人公
『I'll give it to you if you tell me what a dirty 
pussy you have and what kind of cock you want.』

音瑚(CH01_0256)
『Hey, ah...! I told you so. I'll tell you, I'll 
tell you... Please give it to me... ah... ah... 
ah...』

her skin is sweaty and her brow is contorted. she 
doesn't have any of the biting vibe I've seen 
before. she is quite impatient.

音瑚(CH01_0257)
『My... greedy, twitching, gooey, wet... dirty 
cunt...』

音瑚(CH01_0258)
『Uncle's big, hard, manly cock that bends over and 
seems to reach deep into your womb...』

音瑚(CH01_0259)
『I'm not going to let you do it. Huh, huh...』

音瑚(CH01_0260)
『I can't take it anymore! Please! Please fuck me! I 
want you to shoot your thick cock into my 
perverted, dirty pussy! Please...』

主人公
『I can't help it...』

she said huskily and grabbed her as hard as she 
had the first time.

***LoopCV_FadeOut
***FadeInBlack

//暗転→シネマ

-----

--

-Mr.

***FadeOutBlack
//正常位　Dループ
***Cinema_0605
***LoopCV_0001

音瑚(CH01_0261)
『I love your cock, it's so good, it's the best...』

主人公
『So someone set you up while you were away?』

音瑚(CH01_0262)
『Oh, no! No! I didn't do that!　I've been 
masturbating by myself for a long time.』

音瑚(CH01_0263)
『Ah, ah, ah, ah... Uncle's cock is so good! It's so 
different from fingers, vibrators, rotors...』

音瑚(CH01_0264)
『Please! Please, I've been waiting for this for a 
long time, so please fuck me a lot!』

主人公
『I don't like the fact that you still call me uncle 
after all this time.』

音瑚(CH01_0265)
『I don't know what to call you, but... don't slow 
down! I want to cum.』

主人公
『I'm the only one who can satisfy Neko-chan's 
pussy, right?』

音瑚(CH01_0266)
『Oh, yes...! I can't think of anything else.』

主人公
『'That's what owners and masters are for. If you 
obey and pledge to be my exclusive masturbator, 
I'll make you cum.』

音瑚(CH01_0267)
『I'm coming, I'm coming, I'm coming, I'm coming. 
I'm coming!』

***Cinema_0606
***LoopCV_0003

主人公
『Don't... I won't make you cum until you swear.』

音瑚(CH01_0268)
『Oh, don't stop... please, just keep thrusting and 
making me come like before...』

主人公
『So, master...?』

音瑚(CH01_0269)
『I can't call you...』

she wants a cock so badly, but apparently she 
still has a little bit of her old pride left.

『I think she is subconsciously resisting the fact 
that saying "Master" implies absolute obedience.』

It's a last stand. In other words, I'm almost 
ready to fall completely.

主人公
『Then I'll leave you to cum, and if you do, I'll 
never ask you again.』

***Cinema_0607


音瑚(CH01_0270)
『Please don't stop. Ah, ah...! I think I might be 
able to cum at this rate...』

音瑚(CH01_0271)
『I don't want to come halfway like this... I can't 
be satisfied like this...』

主人公
『So, Neko-chan, how do you want to come?』

音瑚(CH01_0272)
『I'm going to be fucked so hard, I'm going to cum, 
I'm going to cum, I'm going to cum...』

音瑚(CH01_0273)
『Oh, oh, oh... my womb is full of cock juice and I 
want to cum... oh, oh, oh...』

主人公
『So what do I do?』

音瑚(CH01_0274)
『~~...』

主人公
『Don't try to move on your own...』

音瑚(CH01_0275)
『I mean, my body moves on its own...』

主人公
『I'll make you cum as much as you want, so why 
don't you just tell me?　It'll be easier...?』

音瑚(CH01_0276)
『Hmmm...!』

//スパート
***Cinema_0608
***LoopCV_0004

主人公
『Move but don't cum. If you do, you won't get 
another chance... If you want to cum, swear that 
you belong to your master.』

音瑚(CH01_0277)
『Ah"! Aah! Fuck, fuck, fuck... I can't do it 
anymore. I swear. I want to cum, I want to cum, I 
swear.』

主人公
『Look! What's wrong with you? Tell me!』

音瑚(CH01_0278)
『Yes, I swear! Master...!』

音瑚(CH01_0279)
『From now on, you are my only master!　Neko is my 
master's... It's my special hole!』

音瑚(CH01_0280)
『I will serve you with all my heart as your 
masturbation pet...!　I obey you!』

音瑚(CH01_0281)
『Oh, oh, oh, oh...so...so...oh, oh...oh...so make 
me cum, Master! So please make me cum, master! 
Please...! Make me cum!』

主人公
『'Okay, from now on, I'm going to use you 
exclusively for me. Scream and come as much as you 
want.』

***LoopCV_FadeOut

//絶頂
***Cinema_0609
***Flash

音瑚(CH01_0282)
『Ahhhh, thank you, master!』

//暗転（シネマ終わり）

***FadeInBlack


After that, Neko-chan, who had become honest, 
faltered and looked embarrassed, and clung to me, 
calling me Master.

After that, she continued to fuck her as many 
times as time allowed, as if she were a dam.

//音瑚レベル移行劇2→3・終わり



***Scene_ポイントカードへ























































































