//レベル0　監獄プレイ導入（初回のみ）

//------------------------------

//背景：ロビー
***BGround_BG01_01

//ロビー音楽
***BGM_Mad_Trick

I got to the club a bit earlier than usual today, 
and booked out a special room.

There's an order I absolutely must get through to 
Neko-chan in her infinite cheekiness, and this 
room is essential to that.

It'll end up being pretty extreme as far as sex 
play goes but, that'd be just perfect to break her 
in thoroughly.


***BGM_FadeOut


//背景：音瑚の部屋

***BGround3D_BG01_01

//音瑚の部屋のBGM
***BGM_ティータイム


//音瑚立ち絵イン

***ST01_50_00_04_00_50

As grumpy as ever, I see. I can only hope this 
makes her atleast a bit more obedient.

Either way, I'm looking forward to seeing what 
sort of faces she makes. I guess it's time to put 
it in action.

主人公
『Hey, Neko-chan.』

音瑚(CH01_0600)
『What?』

主人公
『I've got a plan for today.』

音瑚(CH01_0601)
『I see.』

She's just staring at the drinks I ordered, not 
even taking a sip. They're getting warm on the 
table.

主人公
『Let's see, for today, we're not gonna do it in 
this room... but rather....』

I think over how to say it to make her resist the 
most.

主人公
『...It's almost the busiest time of day for the 
club now so, let's go have sex in the lobby in 
front of all those people.』

***ST01_50_00_06_06_50
音瑚(CH01_0602)
『Haah--?!!!』

主人公
『I mean, I can understand why you're surprised 
but, it's less for me and more for you, 
Neko-chan.』

***ST01_50_00_03_03_50
音瑚(CH01_0603)
『W-Why do I have to... I don't get it at all! Stop 
with the disgusting jokes!』

主人公
『I'm dead serious. ....You haven't been fucked by 
any of your other customers till now, no?』

主人公
『If we advertise it to them that even a girl like 
you has finally grown enough to be able to take 
her clients' dicks in all the way to the base--』

主人公
『All the customers that gave up on you would 
probably rush to book you out, no?』

Before I even finished talking, she started 
glaring at me like she was gonna jump me.

主人公
『If we do that, you'll probably be able to work 
your debt off easily and quickly too...』

音瑚(CH01_0604)
『A... Are you, out of your mind...?!』

I knew that this would make her mad.

主人公
『I want to have you all for myself, of course, but 
thinking about your own future, this is probably 
the better way ahead.』

Of course, I was never planning on letting any 
other guys have her.

This whole talk of 'advertising her' to other men 
sounds ridiculous even to me.

***ST01_50_00_03_06_50
音瑚(CH01_0605)
『N-No matter, how much trouble I am in... do you 
really think I'd go along with something that 
crazy!?』


It's just, with her mind focused on what I was 
saying, she didn't realize at all what I was 
actually planning.

***ST01_50_00_03_06_50
音瑚(CH01_0606)
『I'm doing my best as it is putting up with you 
everyday... just let me be.』

***BGM_FadeOut


主人公
『Can you really not accept it?』

***BGM_不穏な空気

***ST01_50_00_03_06_50
音瑚(CH01_0607)
『Just what is it? How many times do I have to say 
it for you to get it?』

主人公
『Haah... I can't believe I've dropped so much 
money on a girl with this rotten an attitude...』

主人公
『I'm the one who's making it possible for you to 
pay them back, you know?』

***ST01_50_00_03_05_50
音瑚(CH01_0608)
『I... know that, I get it... but I don't want to 
do it in the lobby, I can't! You're being very 
pigheaded.』

主人公
『So you understand it, yet you won't do as I say?』

***ST01_50_00_03_06_50
音瑚(CH01_0609)
『I'm telling you, stop being so obstinate! I can't, 
no matter what. I hate the normal s-sex that you 
make me do as it is, I can't do something that insane.』

That's right, I brought up something that she 
could never do, so I expected nothing less. This 
is just fine.

主人公
『Aaah~... I see... you're that against it, huh~』

***ST01_50_00_03_05_50
音瑚(CH01_0610)
『Of course.』

主人公
『Even though you understand your position, you 
still have the spirit to go "I don't want to" and 
"I can't", huh....』

When I fixed my eyes upon her, her angry face had 
a hint of anxiety leak out on it.

***ST01_50_00_03_04_50
音瑚(CH01_0611)
『Just, what... w-what are you...』

Normally, I'd stop after 2-3 exchanges like this. 
Seems like even she's starting to realize the 
weirdness of it all.

主人公
『If you're that against obeying me, then I guess 
I've got no choice but to take you there....』

***ST01_50_00_04_05_50
音瑚(CH01_0612)
『W-Where.... I'm definitely not going out into the 
lobby, you hear me?』

To begin with, she always thought that this place 
was some sort of a high class maid cafe or 
something.

She probably doesn't know about that room.

主人公
『Nnnn, I'm pretty sure you're gonna prefer the 
lobby in the end, you know?』

***ST01_50_00_03_06_50
音瑚(CH01_0613)
『I told you, I can't, and I won't!! Are you 
stupid!?』

主人公
『Good lord, what a mouth. Well... I'll fix that 
part of you there too, so it's no big deal, 
but...』

***ST01_50_00_04_05_50
音瑚(CH01_0614)
『...Jeez, just what are you... even talking about 
now....』

She started back at me, with suspicion on her 
face. But I have no intention to reassure or 
comfort her.

主人公
『We can't have you always disdaining all that I do 
for you either, so... it can't be helped. It's a 
shame but c'mon, stand up.』

***ST01_50_00_06_06_50
音瑚(CH01_0615)
『I-I don't want to... What do you mean 'shame'? 
...Where are you taking me...』

主人公
『Still somewhere in the store, but not the lobby. 
If you won't listen then I'll call the staff. I'm 
sure they'll send quite some people in no time.』

主人公
『I do think you'd prefer just quietly doing as I 
say instead of being held down and carried away 
though.』

***FadeInBlack

//音瑚はけ

***ST01_50_00_06_06_50

After I said that, she got up, even if she was 
sporting the nastiest scowl she could.

I wonder if she felt a bit better about it, 
knowing that it was somewhere within the store and 
so within range of all the staff?

That said, her body's still terribly tense.

I drew her out of the room.

From there, I walked in front of her through the 
corridor, as if escorting her, and took a detour 
via the stairs next to the lobby.

***BGM_FadeOut

And went down a floor.


From here, it was less the corridor of a fancy 
club and more just unpainted, cold concrete.

//SE ドサ音

***SE_tumbling1

There, I opened one of the many doors, and almost 
shoved her into the room ahead, before locking it 
from behind her.


***FadeOutBlack

//暗転終わり
//背景：監獄格子前

***BGround3D_BG51_01

***BGM_Tokage

//音瑚立ち絵イン

***ST01_01_00_06_06_00
音瑚(CH01_0616)
『Ah--... that's dange... W-What is, what is this 
place?』

主人公
『This is yet another one of the 'service' rooms 
they provide here.』

The space felt cold, and the air humid, like an 
underground cellar.

The dim lighting, the jail-like construction, and 
even the furnishings inside, it's all built like 
an actual prison from decades past.

***ST01_01_00_03_03_00
音瑚(CH01_0617)
『S-'Service'... this is... just a prison, no 
matter how you look at it!』

主人公
『...They have these rooms, so that a cast member 
and their client can do consensual BDSM...』

主人公
『Or if a particular cast member isn't behaving, 
they can be punished here too. Apparently, 
breaking them in is A-OK too.』

***ST01_01_00_03_05_00
音瑚(CH01_0618)
『Y-You're joking....』

主人公
『If you think so, how about you look at all the 
things they've prepared for us?』

Shaking full of fear, she timidly looked at the iron 
grills, the area around it, and everything in this 
room, and I could hear her the sound of saliva being swallowed.

主人公
『C'mon, go inside. If you don't do as I say, I'll 
have no choice but to get rough... you don't want 
to get hurt either, no?』

Taking out the rope from the box full of all kinds 
of restraints, I walked towards her and the 
grills, ordering her inside.

***ST01_00_00_05_05_00
音瑚(CH01_0619)
『P-Please... don't tie me up. I'll do as you 
say... I'll do as you say from now on so... let me 
go, let me go back to my room.』

主人公
『That's no reason for me to let you go, just 
because you're saying that now. Besides, you could 
just be lying to me, how would I know?』

I ended up being unable to hold back my laughter, 
at the difference between her current attitude and 
the defiance and naivete she showed earlier.

***ST01_00_00_03_06_00
音瑚(CH01_0620)
『I-I'm not lying!! Why're you laughing!』

主人公
『You're being very loud in a soundproof room like 
this... Just get inside already.』

I grabbed her shoulders, and pushed her inside. It 
might be the air of this room, but I felt myself 
getting a bit violent.

//暗転

***ST01_00_00_06_06_00
音瑚(CH01_0621)
『Hey!! Don't tie me up--. take your han--... 
don't--, stop it! I'm telling you to stop!!』

主人公
『I did look it up how to tie someone up but, if 
you bounce around, I can't guarantee you'll be 
free of injuries, so stay sti... seriously--!!』

***ST01_01_00_05_06_00
音瑚(CH01_0622)
『No, no, I don't like this! Hey! Stop it!!』

//縛られているシネマ

***FadeOutBlack
***Cinema_2000


音瑚(CH01_0623)
『How could... you do this...』

主人公
『Well, you would have never listened to me if I 
just kept showing you my nice sides everytime, 
afterall.』

音瑚(CH01_0624)
『I never did anything wrong... you just always ask 
for the most impossible things...』

音瑚(CH01_0625)
『You just wanted to do this, didn't you, you 
filthy pervert!!』

主人公
『Yep, looking at your attitude, you still don't 
know what you're in for today, huh?』

主人公
『Not to mention, I'm pretty sure the filthier one 
is gonna be you in short order, Neko-chan, because 
I'll be turning you into a sow fit for a pigsty.』

音瑚(CH01_0626)
『W-What are you even saying....』

主人公
『Alright, cry and moan nicely for me, will you?』

***Scene_監獄プレイへ

//------------------------------
//レベル0　監獄プレイ導入（初回のみ）終わり
































































