//音瑚 レベル1　精神崩壊END
//---------------------------------------------
//最初からシネマ

***BGround3D_BG00_01
***Cinema_0800
***LoopCV_0041


音瑚(CH01_0371)
『Agh... agh--, aaaghhh~~~!!』

主人公
『What, you're gonna cum again? Moaning like a 
mindless beast, you damn cat--』

音瑚(CH01_0372)
『Aagh, aagh, aaaagh--.....』

主人公
『You're gripping me so hard, yet you're still not 
cumming? Damn pervert.』

No matter how much I curse at her, she keeps 
moaning in monotone, as if crazy, and keeps moving 
her hips.

音瑚(CH01_0373)
『Agh--, agh, ogh--, aaaaagh... more!! It feels 
great, your dick feels great~....』

After I raped her that day, she showed me a lot of 
fire and defiance. But after a while, that all 
stopped, as if she stopped caring.

No matter how much I tried, to soothe her, to coax 
her out, she refused to open her heart, and 
refused to see it all as anything but work.

音瑚(CH01_0374)
『Ighih--, ohoh--, aagh.... nnaaaaaagggghaah.... so 
good, goosh--, it feelsh so goosh--!!』

...And I got impatient, and rushed things.

I wanted her to accept me, I wanted her to cling 
to me, to want me. That's all I could think of.

And right at that time, I came across a drug, a 
designer drug, made for demi-humans, circulating 
quietly on the web.

***Cinema_0801
***LoopCV_0042

主人公
『You like it here, no? I'll do it more here then.』

音瑚(CH01_0375)
『Agh, agh, agh, agh--, zhere--, nnogh--, ogh--, 
nnagh--, agh--, amazhing, I love it--, 
nnooooghh--』

Running out of patience, I got my hands on it, and 
used it on her without a moment's hesitation. I 
thought she'd be mine if I did.

After that, well, she completely stopped turning 
me away, and never treated it like just a job 
anymore.

音瑚(CH01_0376)
『More, more of that naish drug--, give me, more, 
fuck me more, ahah--, aaagh--!!』

Instead of hating it when I did it, if anything, 
she started showing what was more akin to ecstacy 
or madness, on her face.

Perfectly tight, and a body that became almost too 
honest. Gushing out pussy juice like no tomorrow, 
and spouting endlessly.

主人公
『I just gave you 5 times the normal amount there.』

音瑚(CH01_0377)
『More, more, more is better, my pussy and my whole 
body feels amazing~, your dick's great, I love 
it~!』

However, the drug became less and less effective 
everytime. And everytime, I increased the dose, 
and made her cum crazily just as she wanted me to.

We did that everyday, every single day... And the 
result is...

主人公
『If you want more, beg for it. C'mon, you want my 
dick, no? Say it with your words.』

***Cinema_0802
***LoopCV_0044

音瑚(CH01_0378)
『Dick, dick~, I love it, I'mma melt--, aaagh--, 
aagh--, ooh--, aaagh~...』

Before I realized it, we couldn't even communicate 
anymore. Nowadays, she only reacts when I fuck 
her.

音瑚(CH01_0379)
『I love it, I love the naish drug, I love being 
fucked--, do my pusshy more, my assh, do them 
more--!!』

...As proof of that, after I ejaculate and pull my 
dick out of her, she collapses like a doll with 
its strings cut, and stops reacting at all.

And what's more, no matter how much I abuse her, 
she doesn't cum at all anymore, as if broken.

All she does is, scream and pant, like a beast.

That's why, I keep fucking her all day long. At 
this point, it wouldn't be a stretch to say that 
it's only when we're doing it, that she's really alive.

主人公
『I'm gonna cum...--!』

//SE 射精音
***Cinema_0803
***LoopCV_FadeOut

音瑚(CH01_0380)
『Haah--, aagh--, aagh, aagh... agh, agh, agh, 
agh--』

Her eyes were vacant, as if there was nobody in 
front of her at all, and her body was quivering.

At this point... she'll probably never get any 
other customers, and neither will they ever take 
her away.

She certainly is all mine now, that much is for 
sure.

However, even if I can have my way with her body, 
in the end, I could never make her heart and mind 
mine afterall.

Now, there is nothing left for either of us, 
except for this 'pleasure'.

音瑚(CH01_0381)
『Don't shtop--! More! More! More drug, more 
fucking, dick, fuck my pussy--!!』
//暗転

//音瑚 レベル1　精神崩壊END・終わり


***Scene_タイトルへ






























