//音瑚 レベル2　イチャラブEND
//全部ADV・シネマなし
//---------------------------------------------
//黒背景
***BGround_BG99_00

There was a big change in the project I was 
involved in at work, and no matter how hard I 
tried, I couldn't make time to go to the club.

Even if I want to meet Neko-chan, I couldn't 
easily go to Demi Cafe.

I finally managed to catch a break. Finally I can 
go to Demi Cafe ... I can go see Neko-chan.

I quickly made a reservation call.

//SE コール音など
***SE_phone_calling

After a while...the phone connected to the usual 
staff reception. After completing the usual 
formalities, I got to the main subject.

***SE_END

主人公
『So, I'd like to appoint Neko-chan for tomorrow 
when the club is open...』

スタッフ
『I'm sorry. There is a prior appointment for that 
time...』

Eh? Does Neko-chan have a customer other than me?

Or did I get blacklisted from the club because 
Neko-chan complained a considerable amount?

But then it should’ve happened the time when I had 
my way with her that other day.

主人公
『Oh really? Then, when will Neko-chan be free 
tomorrow?』

I calm down and ask when she’s free.

スタッフ
『I am sorry. Tomorrow, the cast member you want is 
reserved, but she will be free the day after 
tomorrow.』

What’s going on...

Is someone trying to hog her like me, or maybe she 
got a few more loyal customers...?

In any case, it seems that I wasn't the only one 
who couldn’t get a reservation.

Although I was quite uncertain, I made a 
reservation for the whole day and hung up.

//黒背景終わり
//背景：ロビー
***BGround_BG01_01

***BGM_Mad_Trick


----

--

It was the day of the reservation, and I was 
nervous the whole time.

That Neko-chan has other customers. She serviced 
others...In other words, had sex.

I couldn't help thinking so, and I came to the 
club earlier than the designated time.

主人公
『Should I get a drink or something...』

I sat nearby and started thinking then my mind 
started to wander off.

//兎萌立ち絵イン

***ST02_00_00_01_01_00
兎萌(CH02_0041)
『Oh. Onii-san, you’re very early today. You might 
be the first customer.』

When I raised my head to a familiar voice, it was 
Tomoe-san.

主人公
『Oh, hello...』

That was a weak response to her greeting.

***ST02_00_00_01_01_00
兎萌(CH02_0042)
『To come at this time...It’s with Neko-chan today, 
right? But you don’t seem well. If you’d like, I’d 
be happy to talk.』

主人公
『No, it’s just I couldn't come for a few days, and 
I was surprised that Neko-chan's schedule was 
booked out.』

I told her with a bitter smile. I didn't really 
want to show how pitiful I was to Tomoe-san.

***ST02_00_00_02_01_00
兎萌(CH02_0043)
『Ah yes. It seems that many customers heard the 
rumors and reserved Neko-chan over the past few 
days.』

So there were other customers...Many, even...

However, I calmly ask her while trying not to give 
any hints on my face or attitude that I felt like 
it was over.

主人公
『Rumors…?』

***ST02_00_00_01_01_00
兎萌(CH02_0044)
『She used to stay in her room, but it looks like 
she’s been out in the lobby for the past few 
days.』

***ST02_00_00_01_01_00
兎萌(CH02_0045)
『I wouldn’t say rumors...it was more like I heard 
a customer talking about seeing Neko-chan that 
time and how her aura was very good.』

***ST02_00_00_02_01_00
兎萌(CH02_0046)
『Her behavior became softer...』

主人公
『Going to the lobby herself...』

As Tomoe-san says, Neko-chan was a girl who just 
waits in her room, whether she had a customer or 
not.

Even though I managed to get close to her to some 
extent, I have never been greeted or chatted to at 
the lobby.

Despite that...

Did she get angry or impatient with me after I 
suddenly stopped messing around with her?

Did she start looking for other customers?

***ST02_01_00_02_01_00
兎萌(CH02_0047)
『And then, the customer came back again. 
Apparently, her service was very good and she 
became quite popular.』

***ST02_01_00_02_01_00
兎萌(CH02_0048)
『Her reputation spread by word of mouth, even to 
customers who had been put off by Neko-chan’s past 
attitude.』

Her service was very good...Tomoe-san's words are 
damaging.

***ST02_00_00_01_02_00
兎萌(CH02_0049)
『This is also thanks to Onii-san being Neko-chan’s 
partner…Thank you again.』

主人公
『Ah, no...』

I feel bitter.

***ST02_00_00_01_01_00
兎萌(CH02_0050)
『I was very relieved when Onii-san was there. Now 
that she’s so busy, I don’t have to worry 
anymore.』

***ST02_01_00_05_01_00
兎萌(CH02_0051)
『Neko-chan coming to me about all her worries 
seems like a dream...Oh, I have to get ready...』

Like a dream, huh?...I'm the one who wants to 
think it's a dream.

Did I just blindly believe that Neko-chan opened 
up only to me?

***ST02_01_00_02_01_00
兎萌(CH02_0052)
『Until next time…Choose me too, from time to time, 
fufu.』

//兎萌立ち絵はけ
***ST02_01_00_02_01_05

Looking as Tomoe-san leaves, I was stunned by the 
story I just heard.

***BGM_FadeOut

//黒暗転
***BGround_BG99_01

Whatever, it's my turn tonight...Fuck, "my turn" 
my ass! I only go to the club to make her mine.

In any case, what she did with the other guys...I 
have to check with her directly.

//暗転あけ
//背景：音瑚の部屋
***BGround3D_BG00_01

//音瑚の部屋の音楽
***BGM_ティータイム

//音瑚立ち絵イン

***ST01_21_00_02_01_00
音瑚(CH01_0382)
『Oh, Mister, have you finally come to play? I 
thought you couldn't come because you were forcing 
yourself.』

Neko-chan with the usual attitude and tone. 
Anyway, I ask her about what I just heard from 
Tomoe-san.

主人公
『...I heard you’ve been out in the lobby lately.』

***ST01_20_00_00_00_00
音瑚(CH01_0383)
『So sudden, what about it...?』

Her voice seemed softer than I expected. I stare 
at the anxious Neko-chan.

***ST01_20_00_04_01_00
音瑚(CH01_0384)
『That's right. I was out. But I wasn't looking for 
Mister specifically.』

主人公
『I see…』

Tomoe-san's story is true then. So everything 
after that is also...

***ST01_20_00_00_01_00
音瑚(CH01_0385)
『Anyway! Why haven’t you come lately? I almost 
forgot about you, Mister...』

While listening to her, I tried hard to look at 
Neko-chan, but I unconsciously drooped my head 
down in disappointment.

***ST01_20_00_06_06_00
音瑚(CH01_0386)
『H-hey! What's wrong? It was a joke! …What 
happened? Heey.』

主人公
『Oh, oh...sorry. I couldn't see you for a while.』

***ST01_20_00_04_00_00
音瑚(CH01_0387)
『That's because Mister didn't come. So...』

主人公
『So you were looking for another customer in the 
lobby?』

***ST01_20_00_03_00_00
音瑚(CH01_0388)
『As if! I didn't say that!』

主人公
『I was supposed to come yesterday. But all the 
reservations were filled. I was told you were 
servicing other men.』

***ST01_20_00_04_04_00
音瑚(CH01_0389)
『H-Hey! It’s true that some customers came 
yesterday and I was dealing with them...』

主人公
『...Meaning, you were doing it. Here.』

***ST01_20_00_04_00_00
音瑚(CH01_0390)
『Huuuuuh? I feel like I’m being misunderstood 
here...』

***ST01_20_00_03_00_00
音瑚(CH01_0391)
『It was service, as in attending to guests! 
Chatting with customers is normal because they’re 
customers.』

***ST01_21_00_04_05_00
音瑚(CH01_0392)
『I don’t do that...nasty service that Mister is 
thinking about. D-don't worry.』

主人公
『W-Why...?』

***ST01_21_00_03_05_00
音瑚(CH01_0393)
『B-because, isn’t it obvious?!』

Obvious...? Is serving customers without 
sex...obvious...?

***ST01_21_00_23_03_00
音瑚(CH01_0394)
『Oh my gooood...Mister is so dull!!』

***ST01_21_00_23_06_00
音瑚(CH01_0395)
『I only...d-do it with you. I-I...decided that on 
my own.』

Huh? Wha? Sex only with me, Neko-chan...

主人公
『You decided...?』

***ST01_21_00_23_05_00
音瑚(CH01_0396)
『Yes, that's right! I decided! That's why I 
haven't had sex with other people and never will! 
Is there a problem?』

主人公
『N-no. It's fine. Were you...waiting for me?』

Her reddish face became even redder.

Neko-chan makes a small nod and lets out a small 
voice.

***ST01_20_00_23_05_00
音瑚(CH01_0397)
『That’s why I was out in the lobby. I wasn't 
attracting customers...I-I was looking for you...』

***ST01_20_00_05_05_00
音瑚(CH01_0398)
『Earlier, look...it's been a while so I was a 
little shy. Sorry for lying and making you feel 
down...』

***ST01_20_00_03_03_00
音瑚(CH01_0399)
『...Wait, why do I have to apologize! Mister was 
the one who didn’t come to the club.』

***ST01_20_00_04_00_00
音瑚(CH01_0400)
『And when you finally did, you misunderstood! 
*Sigh*...I worried for nothing.』

主人公
『Oh, you worried about me.』

***ST01_20_00_24_04_00
音瑚(CH01_0401)
『Ugh!! Don't make me say anything more 
embarrassing!』

…What the. Did I just put all my bad impressions 
and misunderstandings on Neko-chan?

I’m feeling weak. Her overly feminine words 
started to sound funny.

***ST01_20_00_23_05_00
音瑚(CH01_0402)
『I don't want to repeat myself so I'll say it one 
more time. I'm not doing anything, like sex, even 
if I'm dealing with customers.』

***ST01_20_00_04_00_00
音瑚(CH01_0403)
『Even I have standards, you know. I just act 
friendly because I still have debt to pay back! 
You got that?!』

主人公
『Ah, yeah. I see, I see.』

I nodded earnestly, bearing the brunt of her 
ferocity and being nailed down by her spirit.

At the same time, the impatience Neko-chan showed 
made me laugh a little.

***ST01_20_00_03_00_00
音瑚(CH01_0404)
『If Mister came here properly, I wouldn’t have had 
to deal with other customers in the first place.』

***ST01_20_00_03_03_00
音瑚(CH01_0405)
『...What’s with that grin? So creepy!』

***ST01_21_00_05_00_00
音瑚(CH01_0406)
『...I was lonely, okay? When I started thinking 
you might not come anymore, I couldn't stop and 
got really anxious...』

***ST01_21_00_05_00_00
音瑚(CH01_0407)
『If you don't come, I...I can't do ‘it’ anymore...』

主人公
『If you wanted to, you could’ve done it with 
another customer.』

I know it’s a terrible thing to say considering I 
was so depressed about it, but I can’t help 
teasing her.

***ST01_21_00_03_03_00
音瑚(CH01_0408)
『Didn’t I tell you not to make me repeat myself?! 
I said the only person I’ll allow myself to do it 
with...is you!』

主人公
『Okay then, how about we do it now?』

***ST01_21_00_23_03_00
音瑚(CH01_0409)
『Ugh!! How can you say something naughty so 
easily?!』

主人公
『Hmm, so is that a no for today?』

I was completely rejuvenated.

Neko-chan is warm and hasn't noticed yet, but her 
lower body is already excited.

***ST01_21_00_25_03_00
音瑚(CH01_0410)
『...N-no, I want to...I've been waiting for so 
long since the last time...Do it...』

主人公
『All right, I’ll give it to you if you say 
‘Master’.』

***ST01_21_00_23_03_00
音瑚(CH01_0411)
『N-no, not yet!』

Still too soon, huh...But ‘not yet’ means that I'm 
already her master...She’d scratch me if I said 
that.

***ST01_21_00_23_03_05

***BGM_FadeOut

//暗転
***BGround_BG99_01

I pulled in and embraced Neko-chan, who was 
irritated and embarrassed. She smells nice.

And we headed straight for the bed. Although she 
has a lot to say, she doesn’t resist. Rather, she 
hugs me back.

I’ll make her moan to her heart’s content. And 
she’ll naturally come to call me ‘Master’ again 
and again.



//音瑚 レベル2　イチャラブEND・終わり




















































































