//レベル3　初来店時・兎萌

//---------------------------------------------
//背景：ロビー
***BGround_BG01_00

//ロビーの曲
***BGM_Mad_Trick

Work really dragged on today, so I ended up coming 
to the club a bit late.

It's not like I'm gonna be late or anything but, 
I've been making it a habit of getting there early 
lately so, my feet ended up hurrying on their own.

兎萌(CH02_0179)
『Onii-san.』

I turned my eyes towards the voice.

//兎萌立ち絵イン

***ST02_11_00_01_01_00

She was reaching out and beckoning me over with 
her hand, as if inviting me to sit with her on the 
box seat.

兎萌(CH02_0180)
『Over here...』

When I got close, she grabbed my hand and 
forcefully pulled me towards the seat.

//SE 軽いドタンみたいな
***SE_tumbling1

主人公
『Wah--...』

Pulled in before I could even balance myself, I 
just barely managed to not collapse into it face 
first with my arms.

I quickly fixed my posture before anyone noticed, 
and sat down properly.

//兎萌立ち絵アップ

***ST02_10_00_01_01_06
兎萌(CH02_0181)
『You're finally here~』

She got so up close to me that I could feel her 
breath. Is she drunk...? No, I don't smell any 
alcohol.

主人公
『The hell was that for?』

She was too close for comfort, so I pulled back 
instantly.

//兎萌アップおしまい

***ST02_10_00_05_01_00
兎萌(CH02_0182)
『Jeez, you don't need to get mad over something 
like that. I've been enduring it this whole time, 
you know.』

***ST02_10_00_07_02_00
兎萌(CH02_0183)
『It was almost time for you to show up, and I 
couldn't wait anymore so I came out to see you 
in.』

主人公
『That doesn't mean you should go pulling people 
like...』

Before I could even finish my sentence, she curled 
up and snuggled up to me.

***ST02_10_00_27_06_00
兎萌(CH02_0184)
『Haah, haah.... I was thinking of dragging you 
straight to my room but seeing your face, I can't 
take it anymore--....』

She started playing with my crotch through the 
clothes and panting heavily, as if in heat.

***ST02_10_00_27_01_00
兎萌(CH02_0185)
『I want this dick, haahaaah, this manly cock....』

With a steady hand and dextrous fingers, she was 
trying pull my zipper down.

***ST02_10_00_25_06_00
兎萌(CH02_0186)
『Nnfuh, even through the clothes, I can tell just 
how amazing it is... I'll make you erect right 
away so, let me... let me gobble it up....』

My dick that was about to make its public debut, 
and her face that was going in for it, I held both 
back with a hand each.

主人公
『The hell are you going in by yourself for... the 
seats are partitioned, sure, but everyone's gonna 
hear everything, you know.』

***ST02_10_00_25_06_00
兎萌(CH02_0187)
『That's just fine, I can't take it anymore. I'm at 
my limit~』

...No matter what I say, it probably won't get 
through to her.

主人公
『Stop it, not right now.』

So instead, I drew a line in the sand.

***ST02_10_00_25_06_00
兎萌(CH02_0188)
『Eeh... I'll make you feel good so, please...? Put 
it in me right now, I don't care about anything 
anymore~』

主人公
『Haah, you're forcing my hand... If you go any 
further here, I won't do anything to you in your 
room. If you're fine with that, then go ahead.』

A true cock addict would probably be fine with 
that.

***ST02_11_00_05_05_00
兎萌(CH02_0189)
『Eh... t-that's too...』

She rushed to pull back her hands.

主人公
『How does anyone even get that hungry for it? Did 
you do it with those kids again?』

***ST02_11_00_05_05_00
兎萌(CH02_0190)
『Nope, not even once. Ever since you made me cum 
like a bitch in heat again and again even after my 
body couldn't anymore....』

***ST02_11_00_05_05_00
兎萌(CH02_0191)
『I haven't stopped throbbing down there even for a 
second, no matter what I do. Those kids can't 
satisfy me anymore...』

At that time, I must have completely broken her 
sex drive... she's finally past the point of no 
return. Just a mass of heat and nothing else

***ST02_10_00_25_06_00
兎萌(CH02_0192)
『Even if I play with myself from the moment I wake 
up to the moment I sleep, the heat is just too 
much to bear. Hey, comfort me.』

主人公
『Heh, and this is after being a cock crazed slut 
this whole time.』

***ST02_10_00_25_06_00
兎萌(CH02_0193)
『Aah--, don't... I'll cum just from your words, 
you'll make me remember that time, I'll go crazy.』

***ST02_10_00_27_01_00
兎萌(CH02_0194)
『Do me, do me... fuck me, your cock, stuff it in 
me right now, use my pussy like an onahole in 
heat.』

I shook my head for her.

主人公
『Like I said, if you want me to do something to 
you here, then I won't do anything to you in your 
room.』

***ST02_10_00_25_05_00
兎萌(CH02_0195)
『I-I'll do anything. Anything you want, onii-san. 
So fill me up, I can't take it anymore, it hurts 
so much--』

She was so excited, her pupils were almost 
dilated. This is what a real sex addict looks 
like, huh?

Her body was quivering, as if in pain. This 
conversation isn't going anywhere. I'm not even 
sure if she understands what I'm saying.

主人公
『Haah. Anything~....』

I scanned her again, from head to toe. As usual, 
her body was one to tempt any and every man out 
there.

兎萌(CH02_0196)
『I-I really will do anything you want me to do, 
please...』

主人公
『I guess it can't be helped.... In any case, this 
isn't the place for it.』

I grab her hand and stand up.

***ST02_10_00_25_06_00
兎萌(CH02_0197)
『Nnah--...』

She moaned sweetly from the lightest touch.

***ST02_10_00_25_06_05

//兎萌立ち絵はけ

***BGM_FadeOut

//暗転
//黒背景
***BGround_BG99_00

Since she said she's fine with anything, I guess 
I'll have my fun with her body. She probably won't 
say no to anything at all, considering she's like this.

When I thought about how I can order her around as 
I please, my desires ran amok.

//レベル3　初来店時・兎萌：終わり


***Scene_兎萌コミュへ


























