//レベル0　初来店時（兎萌強制イベント）

//---------------------------------------------
//背景：黒背景
***BGround_BG99_00

I was expecting to be late today, but I got my 
work done sooner than I thought.

When I checked the time, it was a little earlier 
than usual. I have nothing to do now.

I’m so bored...But I didn’t make a reservation for 
Neko-chan today because I thought I would get off 
work late.

But there’s nowhere else for me to go. Oh well, 
I’ll see what’s going on at Demi Cafe.

//背景：ロビー
***BGround_BG01_01

//ロビーのBGM
***BGM_Mad_Trick


スタッフ
『I'm sorry. Neko is off today...』

主人公
『Ah, it’s okay. I didn't make a reservation 
anyway...』

When I asked the reception, they said that 
Neko-chan was absent. Still, there’s no air of 
anxiety like before during that VIP incident.

I booked meetings with her all the time, and she 
probably just decided to take today off because 
there was nothing scheduled.

I came to the club thinking she might be here, but 
no luck. Let's leave before I get recommended to 
another girl.

？？？(CH02_0071)
『Oh, my.』

//兎萌立ち絵イン

***ST02_00_00_01_01_00

主人公
『Oh…』

兎萌(CH02_0072)
『Hello again.』

主人公
『Tomoe-san...right?』

兎萌(CH02_0073)
『Yes. You remembered my name. Heehee, I'm glad.』

Up until now, I’ve occasionally seen cast members 
come and go from the lobby to the private rooms.

It seems there are mostly girls who look about the 
same age as or a little bit older than Neko-chan.

It's easy to remember Tomoe-san because there 
aren't many cast members at this club that look 
the same age as her.

In fact, I completely remember her name because not 
only is she beautiful, but she also has a unique sex 
appeal and was kind enough to explain the points system.

***ST02_00_00_01_01_00
兎萌(CH02_0074)
『I believe Neko-chan is off today. Did you perhaps 
come to play with another girl?』

主人公
『Ah, no. I was expecting to be late at work today, 
but I finished early...I didn't make a reservation 
either.』

***ST02_00_00_01_01_00
兎萌(CH02_0075)
『Is that so. For all the busy work with your 
reservations, she’s been told to take a good rest 
on her free days.』

***ST02_00_00_05_01_00
兎萌(CH02_0076)
『Apparently she had so much work that I never had 
a chance to talk with her since that commotion.』

***ST02_00_00_02_01_00
兎萌(CH02_0077)
『Hehe, you're taking good care of Neko-chan. Thank 
you.』

My heart pounds at her voice and words, different 
from Neko-chan.

主人公
『Are you with someone right now...?』

***ST02_01_00_05_01_00
兎萌(CH02_0078)
『No. It's still early and I'm not good at waiting 
in an empty room...so I came to the lobby. It’s 
less lonely with people here.』

***ST02_01_00_00_01_00
兎萌(CH02_0079)
『Hehe, here I am rambling on and on with 
Neko-chan's patron again...Would you prefer to go 
to my room?』

主人公
『Huh?』

***ST02_01_00_05_01_00
兎萌(CH02_0080)
『I want to thank you for always looking after 
Neko-chan.』

Patron...thanks for looking after Neko-chan...It 
looks like Tomoe-san doesn’t realize I did it by 
force.

I might be able to get more information if I talk 
a little with Tomoe-san instead of going home now.

主人公
『All right, just for a bit...okay?』

***ST02_01_00_02_01_00
兎萌(CH02_0081)
『Okay, I'll tell the staff. I'll explain the 
circumstances to them, so don't worry about 
payment.』

//兎萌立ち絵はけ

***ST02_01_00_02_01_05



Tomoe-san told me the location of her room and 
happily walked to the reception.

***BGM_FadeOut

Neko-chan is my favorite, but Tomoe-san is also 
intriguing.

//暗転
***BGround_BG99_01
//黒背景

Tomoe-san's room has the same layout as 
Neko-chan’s, but the faint smell is different and 
the room feels fresh.

Completely opposite of Neko-chan, Tomoe-san 
ordered drinks and asked me about how things were 
going with meticulous care.

What’s a little surprising was that Tomoe-san was 
quite a drinker. She looks pretty drunk and happy.

-----

--

//背景：兎萌の部屋
***BGround3D_BG01_01

//兎萌の部屋の音楽
***BGM_Whisky_Nights

***ST02_30_00_00_01_30
兎萌(CH02_0082)
『And then...Oh, your glass is empty. I'll get you 
a refill now. It doesn't matter if you drink it or 
not. What should I drink...』

主人公
『Tomoe-san, no need to be so thoughtful...I'm used 
to dealing with Neko-chan, so you’re actually 
making me nervous.』

Which is a lie...She’s already had two light 
cocktails and might get more than tipsy.

***ST02_30_00_25_05_30
兎萌(CH02_0083)
『Don’t worry about the money, okay? Have one more 
drink, please?』

You can’t say no to a face like that. I don’t have 
to pay to begin with, and she’s accommodating me. 
I nodded silently.

主人公
『Okay then, please. By the way, about Neko-chan's 
friends...』

主人公
『Is it true that there is almost no one except 
Tomoe-san? Not even among the cast members?』

***ST02_30_00_20_01_30
兎萌(CH02_0084)
『I’m afraid so. I don't really see her talking to 
her peers, and even when she does, it's about 
work...』

***ST02_30_00_20_01_30
兎萌(CH02_0085)
『I've never seen her get excited about her 
personal life.』

At first I thought it wouldn’t be a bad idea to 
choose someone who might have more info on 
Neko-chan other than Tomoe-san,

but after hearing this, it looks like that plan 
won’t work.

***ST02_30_00_20_05_30
兎萌(CH02_0086)
『Unlike me, Neko-chan doesn't really seem to feel 
lonely. Is it her age or personality? I'm a little 
envious.』


主人公
『Haha, even when I, a paying customer, goes to see 
her, I'm sure she sees me as nothing more than a 
nuisance.』

***ST02_30_00_25_04_30
兎萌(CH02_0087)
『Hey, boy. All you keep talking about is 
Neko-chan. It’s making me jealous of her.』

That caught me off guard. She’s so accommodating 
that I end up just about myself and Neko-chan.

***ST02_30_00_22_01_30
兎萌(CH02_0088)
『Just kidding. I mean I am jealous, but talking 
like this doesn’t make me lonely, and I don't talk 
much about myself anyway. 』

Tomoe-san suddenly takes on a different atmosphere 
and stares off.

***ST02_30_00_25_00_30
兎萌(CH02_0089)
『*Sigh* "I wish my husband cared about me as well 
as you...』

主人公
『Huh?』

Husband...Does that mean a ‘Master’ that comes 
here? No no, that doesn’t make sense.

***ST02_30_00_21_02_30
兎萌(CH02_0090)
『Ufufu...You look confused. I'll tell you only 
because you’re Neko-chan's patron. I'm 
actually...』

Married, she said while motioning a ring-like 
object at the base of the ring finger on her left 
hand with the fingers of her right hand.

I guess she takes it off during work.

***ST02_30_00_22_01_30
兎萌(CH02_0091)
『You’re the only one I’ve explicitly told, so keep 
it a secret, okay? Hehe.』

主人公
『O, okay...』

I don't know her circumstances for working here, 
but I started to feel more excited for her. She's 
a married woman...

Just as I started to feel that way, Tomoe-san 
closes the distance and puts her hand on my thigh, 
as if she had read my thoughts.

***ST02_30_00_21_01_30
兎萌(CH02_0092)
『Hey...it’s just my imagination, but...you’ve 
already received that from Neko-chan, right?』

主人公
『Th-that…?』

***ST02_30_00_22_01_30
兎萌(CH02_0093)
『Fufu, service. The one not on the menu, of 
course. It’s a hunch, but I have a feeling you 
already have.』

主人公
『This club’s service...』

Is doing the deed...

***ST02_30_00_27_01_30
兎萌(CH02_0094)
『Right, sex. Boy, you’re smooth, being able to 
seduce that Neko-chan.』

***ST02_30_00_25_00_30
兎萌(CH02_0095)
『Sorry for asking a strange question. It’s just, 
it’s been quite a while for me...ahh, I’m so 
jealous.』

It's surprising that a woman as attractive as 
Tomoe-san with such an amazing body hasn't had any 
for some time.

That thought was blatantly written on my face. My 
eyes look at Tomoe-san as if I were licking her.

***ST02_30_00_22_01_30
兎萌(CH02_0096)
『Fufu, you look surprised...and maybe a little 
happy. I'm a married woman, so I tell my 
customers...』

***ST02_30_00_25_05_30
兎萌(CH02_0097)
『that I can only use my chest and mouth for 
service. Luckily, my customers are all people who 
are into that.』

So, no one has sticked it in there for a while. 
Not the customers...not even the husband.

When Tomoe's hot, alcoholic scent mixed with her 
sweet breath suddenly hits my face, my lower body 
begins to react.

***ST02_30_00_25_00_30
兎萌(CH02_0098)
『They’re all satisfied with my chest and mouth, so 
they don’t ask for anything more...』

主人公
『But when I get home, my husband...』

I gulp while gazing at Tomoe-san's chest and 
crotch.

***ST02_30_00_25_00_30
兎萌(CH02_0099)
『...He’s been working away from home for a long 
time. So I'm alone when I get home.』

I felt that Tomoe-san, tipsy and smiling, was 
experiencing a strong sense of loneliness.

And she obviously doesn’t know what to do with her 
body. She probably got married at a young age.

***ST02_30_00_22_01_30
兎萌(CH02_0100)
『But I still love my husband, of course. Even if 
he’s far away.』

主人公
『So why are you working here...?』

My thoughts came right out my mouth.

***ST02_30_00_20_01_30
兎萌(CH02_0101)
『Do you hear that?』

Tomoe-san, who was leaning forward, places her 
hands on her thighs.

主人公
『Ah, uh...』

***ST02_30_00_25_01_30
兎萌(CH02_0102)
『My husband...is an office worker now, but a while 
back...he tried to start a small business. It 
failed.』

***ST02_30_00_21_01_30
兎萌(CH02_0103)
『At the time, I wanted to work part-time hoping that 
it would help our budget...and I was introduced to 
this place when I was looking for a job with good wages.』

***ST02_30_00_20_01_30
兎萌(CH02_0104)
『At first I didn't know they did all sorts of 
things here, but...I'm not lonely here. Maybe this 
job suits me.』

I feel a strong lust every time she touches me. Is 
she in heat because she’s a rabbit…? I can't take 
it.

主人公
『Umm, if I you do any more...』

***ST02_30_00_25_06_30
兎萌(CH02_0105)
『I want to thank you. Just once, only today. Let 
me serve you a little more...』

With a sad expression, Tomoe-san approached while 
staring at me with drunken eyes. I hugged her, 
with an erection.

***ST02_35_00_25_06_35

//***BGround_BG99_00

***BGM_FadeOut

//暗転

//レベル0　初来店時（兎萌強制イベント）・終わり























































































