//兎萌 レベル3　チンポ当てゲームEND

//---------------------------------------------

***BGM_夜街
***BGround3D_BG52_00
***Cinema_1400
***LoopCV_0113


兎萌(CH02_0329)
『Huh, huh, huh... Ahh, ah... Oh... oh... Mmm... 
oh...』

It all started when the boys wanted to play an H 
game.

So I came up with a crazy idea, Tomoe jumped on 
it, and we had orgies over it every day.

So now that it's ready, we're hosting it.

***Cinema_1401


We're in the middle of a dick guessing game.

兎萌(CH02_0330)
『No, if you go that slow... you'll lose track of 
how good it feels...』

ショタＢ(CH04_0008)
『You like dicks so much, you remember them all in 
your pussy, don't you?　Did you put mine in your 
pussy because it's smaller?』

***Cinema_1402
***LoopCV_0111

兎萌(CH02_0331)
『No, that's not... Ow! Whoa...　I'll use my 
thrusting technique and big gills to scrape it 
out...　I think I got it...』

兎萌(CH02_0332)
『I'm not sure if it's because it's too thick, but 
it's because I'm answering your question and 
you're being mean to me.』

she is agitated by temptation, she is agitated by 
obscenity... she is looking for the right answer 
with her tongue in her mouth, immersed in such pleasures.

兎萌(CH02_0333)
『This cock is Murase-san's...』

主人公
『Oh, you're right. That's what I get for being a 
dick fiend.』

***Cinema_1403
***LoopCV_0114

男１
『So, as a reward for answering correctly...』


The man called Murase suddenly intensified her use 
of her hips.

***Cinema_1404
***LoopCV_FadeOut

兎萌(CH02_0334)
『Oh, my God! It's so good, my cock is squirting, 
I'm cumming! Let me cum, let me cum, let me cum, 
let me cum!』

***FadeInBlack


----

---.

--

***FadeOutBlack
***Cinema_1405
***LoopCV_0190

主人公
『Well, who's next?』

Tomoe was limp, but when she heard the word 
"next," she looked inebriated and started begging 
for the next one.

兎萌(CH02_0335)
『Oh... I love it... when you fuck me in a row.　Keep 
pumping my pussy. Just keep fucking me...』

兎萌(CH02_0336)
『Wow, Warahi's pussy is everyone's dick case, so 
hurry up, stick it in as hard as you can and mix 
it up...』

I had a hard-on, but not for Tomoe. If I had to 
say, I was excited by the situation.

***Cinema_1406

兎萌(CH02_0337)
『Whoo! My dick's here! You can see it right away, 
the upper part of my manhood.』

***LoopCV_0151

兎萌(CH02_0338)
『Thrust me, please, just thrust me! I'll 
definitely hit you. I'm so hot and stiff...』

***Cinema_1407


兎萌(CH02_0339)
『Oh, no! You're still so small, but your cock is 
hitting the right spot...』

主人公
『Correct.』

The people around me laughed, too.

***Cinema_1408
***LoopCV_0152

兎萌(CH02_0340)
『If you hit it, give me a good pounding as a 
reward. Oh, yes, that's good, I like it when young 
boys use their hips hard.』

***Cinema_1409
***LoopCV_FadeOut

兎萌(CH02_0341)
『I'm cumming, I'm cumming, I'm cumming where this 
cock hits me, I'm cumming. Ohhhh, I'm cumming!』

***Cinema_1410
***LoopCV_0190

With this, Tomoe was able to get an intense climax 
every time she was fucked, without missing a 
single one.

男２
『 "Rumor has it that you've had a lot of sex with 
these boys. That might have been too easy.』

ショタＣ(CH05_0007)
『But I think I'm going to miss...』

主人公
『It's an impressive winning streak...』

I look at Tomoe, who is currently dressed in a way 
that is impossible for a woman to be, and who is 
most willing to play the game of guessing who to insert.

兎萌(CH02_0342)
『Hurry, please give me the next cock in my 
addicted pussy... I can't relax unless it's in 
there...』

This is the true nature of the person you called 
Ms. Tomoe.

//挿入

***Cinema_1420


兎萌(CH02_0343)
『Oh, thank you so much! Dick, dick, dick, dick! 
I'll hit you, I'll hit you, please come again.』

***Cinema_1421
***LoopCV_0112

兎萌(CH02_0344)
『I don't know which one it is!　It's too long and it 
goes all the way in... oh my God, it's too weak 
there... oh my God!』

ショタＣ(CH05_0008)
『And I can't take it anymore.』

Suddenly, the usual younger boy ran up to Tomoe.

兎萌(CH02_0345)
『Ohhhh... I'm going to make you feel so good, 
you'll never be able to guess what I'm going to 
do...』

ショタＣ(CH05_0009)
『You use your mouth, Mr. Tomoe.』

//イラマ開始

***Cinema_1422
***LoopCV_FadeOut


兎萌(CH02_0346)
『What the...?』

***LoopCV_0153

Oh, if I cover my mouth, I won't be able to give 
an answer. But I'm sure Tomoe won't care about 
that.

兎萌(CH02_0347)
『Mmm", "Mmm", "Mmm"... Mmm... mmm...』

ショタＡ(CH03_0024)
『Tomoe-san, suck my cock too.』

男２
『 "If you've used it this much, you should be able 
to insert two of them...』

Ignoring the game, everyone begins to flock to the 
fleshpots called Tomoe.

***Cinema_1423
***LoopCV_FadeOut

兎萌(CH02_0348)
『Mmm." "Mmm." "～～～～～～." "！！！！.』

***Cinema_1424
***LoopCV_0190

兎萌(CH02_0349)
『Ha... ha... ha... Huh... Oh, my brother hasn't 
fucked me yet...』

I don't know why anyone's semen toilet would want 
me... My erection is starting to lose its 
patience.

兎萌(CH02_0350)
『I love my brother's cock the most... please make 
me come as hard as you can...』

You've already told everyone you love them the 
most. Anyway, let's pull it out with this meat 
hole.

//挿入
***Cinema_1425
***LoopCV_FadeOut

兎萌(CH02_0351)
『Ohhhh! Another big cock!　I can't... Iick, Iick, 
Iick... I'm coming!』

//暗転
***FadeInBlack
***LoopCV_0112

After that, Tomoe easily let me fuck her outside 
the store. For free, of course.

I loved the orgies, but I also loved the sperm 
drinks where they would all ejaculate into a glass 
at the same time and drink it up.

Until this meat masturbator breaks, I'm going to 
let you use it as you please.

***BGM_FadeOut
***LoopCV_FadeOut

//兎萌 レベル3　チンポ当てゲームEND・終わり



***Scene_タイトルへ兎萌レベル３エンド



































