//兎萌 レベル1　アナタさようならEND

//---------------------------------------------

***BGround3D_BG01_00
***Cinema_1800
***LoopCV_0100

兎萌(CH02_0278)
『Ahh, there, I’m going to cum early if you grind 
there...nngh...be more gentle...ah...』

At times like this, if I do the opposite, her 
expression glazes over with joy.

I don’t say it outright, but when I ask about her 
husband while pounding her, the sensation is so 
much better.

***Cinema_1801

主人公
『Tomoe-san, call your husband right now.』

兎萌(CH02_0279)
『That's, ah...don't be mean.』

I have a mobile phone ready on-hand so I can play 
naughty any time, but she refuses this order.

But it’s not all too bad because she tightens up 
and starts moaning a lot more.

主人公
『Is my cock that much better?』

兎萌(CH02_0280)
『...Ngh...ngh...Y-yes...Sooo 
good...Ah...Ah...Amaziiiing...』

She praises it rather than denying it like at 
first. I’ll thrust it against your favorite spot 
as a reward.

兎萌(CH02_0281)
『Hyaaaa!! Ahhhhhhh, I like it, there...Ah, I'm 
going crazy...!』

***Cinema_1802
***LoopCV_0103

主人公
『You like it, huh? C’mon, give him a call...I'll 
give you more and more.』

兎萌(CH02_0282)
『L-looook...I c-can’t...ah!!』

//SE 携帯の着信音
***Cinema_1803
***SELoop_tel3

I looked at the screen for a moment…Her husband? 
Great timing.

主人公
『See, he’s calling. Answer it and tell him what 
you’re doing. Otherwise this'll be the last time 
I’m coming here.』

兎萌(CH02_0283)
『Ah...p-please...ngh...don't say last...ah, ah.』

主人公
『If you hang up or pretend you’re sick like 
before, it’s game over.』

兎萌(CH02_0284)
『N-no, anything but that...Okay...I'll tell him 
everything...』

主人公
『Make sure you say that my cock is better.』

//SE コール音止める
***SE_END
***Cinema_1804

Tomoe-san grabbed the ringing phone.

主人公
『If you reveal the real Tomoe, I’ll continue to 
call on you from here out.』

主人公
『Your husband can’t satisfy anyway, right?』

兎萌(CH02_0285)
『Ugh...ah...!』

***Cinema_1805

兎萌の夫
『Hi, it’s me. Doing fine? Sorry I haven’t had time 
to contact you.』

兎萌(CH02_0286)
『Ah, ah...h-hello...ugh...ah...ah!』

Finally...they’re in contact.

兎萌(CH02_0287)
『I-I’m w-working...right...n-now...ah, ah...』

She’s not even trying to hide her panting. I’ll 
make her moan more while her husband is listening.

兎萌の夫
『Eh…? At work...aren’t you finished with work at 
night?』

兎萌(CH02_0288)
『Ah, ah...no, I'm really working right now, this 
is my job...ngh.』

兎萌の夫
『Huh? Work...What are you doing?』

主人公
『Hey, tell him everything. After all, you can't be 
satisfied with your husband's micro-dick anymore.』

I thrust my tip against Tomoe-san's favorite spot, 
which makes her melt.

***Cinema_1806
***LoopCV_0102

兎萌(CH02_0289)
『Ngggghhh!! Not therrree...』

My dick almost instantly got squeezed up by an 
unexpected suction. This is my first time 
experiencing such a magnificent pussy.

兎萌の夫
『A-are you okay? What’s wrong?』

兎萌(CH02_0290)
『As I was saying, ah...I'm working at a shady 
nightclub that makes me feel good from all the 
pounding.』

So it’s because she’s talking to her husband. I 
knew she was lewd enough to have such a kink from 
the beginning.

兎萌の夫
『Wh-what? What do you mean...what about the 
part-time cashier thing…?』

***Cinema_1807

I keep pumping at a tempo that makes her most 
happy so that she can let it all out.

兎萌(CH02_0291)
『Ngh, I'm sorry...for lying. I quit that job...a 
long time ago...ah!』

兎萌(CH02_0292)
『I make lots more money from the work I'm doing 
right now...Ah, not there...I won’t be able to 
talk...ngh, ah, ah.』

兎萌の夫
『I-I don't know what’s going on, but...a-are you 
with a man? A-anyway...I'll be back home soon.』

兎萌(CH02_0293)
『It's okay, you don't have to come back. 
You...ngh...can’t meik me cum enymoarr.』

Every time she confesses, her creamy insides 
tighten up against my man shaft.

兎萌の夫
『W-we loved each other...The s-sex was good 
too...』

兎萌(CH02_0294)
『Aha, listen...this is the sound of real sex, so 
rough...so pleasuring...』

兎萌(CH02_0295)
『I wanted you to be rough like this, but you were 
soft and boring...haah...ahhh!』

兎萌(CH02_0296)
『Compared to this...your sex is just child’s 
play...Ahhhh! Yes!』

Tomoe-san's face is so sensational, I wanna show 
it to him.

兎萌(CH02_0297)
『I was so lonely...unsatisfied...and had to put up 
with masturbation...You never noticed...ngh...』

兎萌の夫
『I’ll...do my best for you...』

***Cinema_1808

No matter what they’re talking about, I can feel 
from her writhing pussy that she’s had small 
climaxes several times now.

兎萌(CH02_0298)
『No...it's okay...I’m being comforted every day 
now. When I’m hurt, I can get a big cock anytime.』

兎萌(CH02_0299)
『I'm...a woman now...a bitch. I get all the things 
you couldn’t give me...』

兎萌の夫
『T-tell me...you’re...joking...』

兎萌(CH02_0300)
『It’s true...the Onii-san I'm with right now...has 
a bigger and better cock than you...』

兎萌(CH02_0301)
『It doesn't go limp at all, and it easily reaches 
deep places you couldn’t...ah, ah!』

兎萌(CH02_0302)
『And he cums so much that it spills out...I’ve 
been filled up so many times...』

兎萌の夫
『N-no...』

Judging from Tomoe-san's excitement, her husband 
hasn't hung up yet. She keeps satisfying herself 
as she pleases.

***Cinema_1809

兎萌(CH02_0303)
『Ahhhhh, I’m gonna cum...! I’m gonna be seeded 
with another man's cock...Listen!』

If he’s still listening, I want to impregnate her 
with one shot. The lust is making me crazy too.

***Cinema_1810

兎萌の夫
『No, stop...no...no...』

兎萌(CH02_0304)
『It's coming! My cheating pussy is being punished 
again by creampie!』

兎萌の夫
『Ah...ugh...ugh...』

***Cinema_1811
***LoopCV_FadeOut

兎萌(CH02_0305)
『Ahhhhh!! You can’t possibly make me feel this 
good! I’m cumming! Cu...mminggggg!!』

//暗転

***FadeInBlack


It seems that the call was connected even for a 
while after I squeezed the last drop into 
Tomoe-san.

Since then, Tomoe-san always wanted to play on the 
phone. I guess she can’t forget the pleasure of 
sex while confessing.

But with her usual calm smile, she told me that 
she couldn't get a hold of him anymore.

I'm not sure whether she’s still married. Even so, 
her overwhelming lewdness is going strong.

Even today, Tomoe-san and I think of new plays and 
situations, and are hungry for pleasure ‘til the 
very end.

//兎萌 レベル1　アナタさようならEND・終わり


***Scene_タイトルへ






















































