//インサルト・オーダーＯＰ
//-----------------------------------
//黒画面


***BGround_BG99_00
***ST01_00_00_00_00_05
***ST02_00_00_00_00_05


--In a world where humans and demi-humans coexist 
naturally--

//黒画面終わり
//背景：クラブフロント

***BGround_BG00_01
***BGM_Mad_Trick
『There's a club called the "Demi Stage Cafe".』

I go to this club on the way home from work for 
comfort. This is my third visit.

I happened to find this club online, and it was 
much more expensive than a normal one, but I still 
checked it out.

Because, according to rumors, if you get along well with 
the cast members and become a regular, it becomes more than 
a “normal” club...In other words, you can do “other” things.

It's just a rumor, but on my first visit this one 
girl took my interest when I first saw her.

//立ち絵表示
***BGround_BG03_01

That girl was Neko-chan.

As the club name suggests, it only has 
demi-humans, most likely combining the cultures of 
hostesses with demi-humans together.

I chose the one recommended by a staff member. And 
she was cuter in person than in the photo.

Anyway, she looked way better than the others and 
was totally my type.

//立ち絵終わり
***BGround_BG01_01


However, saying this in front of her might make 
her hate me, but she really has a cat-like 
personality. Giving off a “Don’t go near” vibe.

But, if possible, I would like to become friendly 
with her and be referred to and treated as a 
master.

//黒背景
***BGround_BG99_01
***BGM_FadeOut

As usual, I made my reservation, so the 
receptionist immediately directed me to head to 
her private room.

//SE ドアガチャ音

//背景：音瑚の個室
***BGround3D_BG00_01
***ST01_01_00_00_00_00
***BGM_モーニングティータイム


音瑚(CH01_0000)
『Welcome...thank you for visiting today.』

She comes and greets properly at the door. 
However, she doesn't show me the same lively 
greeting when I first visited the club.

主人公
『I'm back again…Do you hate me visiting?』

***ST01_00_00_04_00_00


音瑚(CH01_0001)
『Eh? Why? Th-That's not the case. I'm glad that 
you came, but...』

主人公
『Your tail...It’s swinging right and left an awful 
lot. So it's true that cats only do that when 
they're in a bad mood, right?』

***ST01_00_00_03_03_00

音瑚(CH01_0002)
『He...hey! Stop staring at it!』

Clothes that clearly show her body line. The 
tightness on her skin seems like it would repel 
water.

主人公
『I came to enjoy your company, so please don’t get 
mad. I'm glad I got to see you today too.』

***ST01_00_00_04_03_00

音瑚(CH01_0003)
『...O-Okay. But don't stare at it too much.』

***ST01_00_00_01_05_00

音瑚(CH01_0004)
『Umm...I'm not used to greetings. But when 
customers choose me, I'm always told to greet them 
like that.』

She's a little bit more whiny than when I first 
came to visit, but she talks more now.

主人公
『You're so serious. But it's not my first time 
visiting, so I want you to take it easy.』

***ST01_00_00_01_05_00

音瑚(CH01_0005)
『Mmm...it's easy to say that...I haven't worked 
that long...I'm new to this, and I don't know how 
to say it any other way.』

主人公
『I want to get to know you more, Neko-chan, so I 
hope you can loosen up a bit.』

***ST01_01_00_03_05_00

音瑚(CH01_0006)
『I don't need you to ask how I’m feeling. 
*Sigh*...you're thinking of something vulgar, 
right?』

I'd be lying if I said no. But still, sighs hurt a 
heart looking for comfort...

//ＳＥ：ドアのノック音

***SE_door_09_knock
***ST01_01_00_00_00_00

主人公
『Neko-chan, that sigh kinda hurt a little...Ah, it 
seems that the drinks have arrived.』

音瑚(CH01_0007)
『I feel bad for telling you, but alcohol...』

主人公
『I know. You don't like alcohol, right?』

I want Neko-chan to open up a little, so I'm going 
to be more gentleman-like.

***ST01_50_00_00_00_50

I take the ordered soft drink and hand it over to 
Neko-chan. After smelling to make sure it isn't 
alcohol, she finally starts to drink.

音瑚(CH01_0008)
『Chu...』

主人公
『.........』

音瑚
『.........』

She drinks without glancing at me. I wonder if her 
mood is better now. Maybe I can get closer to 
her...?

***ST01_50_00_04_00_50

音瑚(CH01_0009)
『Umm...』

主人公
『Eh! What, I haven't done anything yet!!』

***ST01_50_00_03_04_50

音瑚(CH01_0010)
『...Did you feel like doing something? I mean, 
it's hard to drink...with you staring so much.』

My body slightly slumped down. I missed my chance 
to sit beside her.

音瑚(CH01_0011)
『...Hmph.』

Yikes, she's really suspicious of me now. Can’t be 
helped. Gotta make something up.

主人公
『No, it’s just the way you were drinking, made me 
wonder if the drink tastes nice.』

***ST01_50_00_00_00_50

音瑚(CH01_0012)
『Oh okay.』

I could see Neko-chan's thighs at the corner of my 
eyes. If I sit next to her, I might be able to 
casually touch her legs and pretend it was accident...

...But she doesn’t trust me yet so it's impossible 
right now.

音瑚(CH01_0013)
『Thanks for the drink. I’ll take them away.』

//音瑚立ち絵一旦はけ
***ST01_05_00_00_00_05

What's more, she stood up to take the glasses 
away. It's pretty hard to get close to her.

With Neko-chan’s guard being so strong I wonder if 
there are other customers who managed to flirt 
with her…I follow her with my eyes.

//音瑚立ち絵戻り
***ST01_00_00_00_00_00
***BGround3D_BG00_01


音瑚(CH01_0014)
『Wh-what...What’s with that look...』

主人公
『Nothing, it's just you don't take the initiative 
to talk with me...I wonder if you get along with 
other customers and they get special treatment.』

It's rude to go straight to the point and ask, but 
I was genuinely curious.

***ST01_00_00_04_00_00

音瑚(CH01_0015)
『Special? Getting along with customers? What are 
you talking about? This is a cafe bar.』

音瑚(CH01_0016)
『A maid cafe that gives off a little more of an 
adult-feeling to it...W-with clothes like this.』

***ST01_00_00_04_00_00

音瑚(CH01_0017)
『Because you can have a light meal and drink while 
chatting, which is a way to spend your time, 
that's what the cafe is for.』

***ST01_00_00_00_00_00

音瑚(CH01_0018)
『I don't get along with customers more than I need 
to.』

I was a little surprised at the answer she gave. 
It seems like Neko-chan believes this is a 
regular, mature, but innocent cafe.

***ST01_01_00_04_00_00

音瑚(CH01_0019)
『Some guys suddenly try to hug me or stare at my 
body with a horny look, just because Demi-cafe is 
a little more expensive than other places.』

***ST01_01_00_03_00_00

音瑚(CH01_0020)
『I know men can't help staring, but you can't 
touch me...in fact never do that. It's horrible, 
just because we show some skin...』

I didn’t expect her to be so off the mark. Now 
it's become even more difficult to get closer to 
her.

But wait a minute. That means Neko-chan hasn't 
done the “service” rumored here.

Which means...Neko-chan is likely to be a virgin. 
She hasn't even been touched by anyone let alone 
had sex.

My hurt feelings began to feel alive again.

***ST01_00_00_00_00_00

音瑚(CH01_0021)
『You’ve been awfully silent...Did I say something 
weird?』

主人公
『No. I now have a better understanding of 
Neko-chan’s feelings.』

For the time being, let's just see how this goes.

//ＳＥ：メールの着信音

***SE_se_maoudamashii_onepoint28

音瑚
『...?』

主人公
『Ah, sorry. It wasn't in silent mode.』

I take my phone out of my pocket and see that it's 
an email from my boss. It's rare to get an email 
after hours. Might be urgent.

音瑚(CH01_0022)
『Is it perhaps from your girlfriend?』

主人公
『Eh? Why would you think that?』

***ST01_00_00_00_01_00

音瑚(CH01_0023)
『Because you’re looking at the phone with a 
serious face.』

主人公
『No, it's just the office...They might need help. 
Today was short, but maybe next time when I'm 
free. Sorry.』

Can't even come up with a good reply, and yet I 
seriously answered with that.

***ST01_00_00_00_01_00

音瑚(CH01_0024)
『Oh I see. Um, come visit again...Are you okay 
with that farewell greeting?』

主人公
『Yup. That's fine. I'll come visit again.』

//音瑚立ち絵はけ
//ＳＥ：ドアガチャ音

***SE_door04
***ST01_00_00_00_01_05
***BGround_BG99_01


//黒背景

It seems like the call wasn't urgent, but I don't 
feel like going back to the cafe. Besides, its 
probably awkward to show up after that.

I hoped to get closer to her today...But I'm still 
not used to it, and it's only my fourth time.

Plus, knowing Neko-chan hasn't been with anyone 
yet is enough for today.

//背景：ロビー
***BGround_BG01_01


I've only just met Neko-chan recently, but she’s 
all I think about now.

I'm really lucky to be able to easily make 
reservations for such a cute girl multiple times 
in a row.

When I get on better terms and get her to drop her 
guard, I'll gently guide her for her first time...

主人公
『Oh...Neko-chan...』

？？？(CH02_0000)
『Ah, are you looking for Neko-chan?』

I suddenly stop, realising I was voicing my 
thoughts, which someone nearby heard. I quickly 
turn around to look.

//兎萌立ち絵イン

***ST02_00_00_01_01_06

？？？(CH02_0001)
『Are you okay?』

I took a step back as I was too close to see. A 
beautiful woman with a soft and fluffy atmosphere 
is staring at me.

***ST02_00_00_01_01_00

主人公
『S-sorry. I didn't notice...』

***ST02_01_00_00_01_00

？？？(CH02_0002)
『Are you looking for Neko-chan's room? Or if you 
have a concern, I can call the staff immediately.』

主人公
『Uh, no...I'm actually going home now...』

It’s so embarrassing that someone heard me speak 
to myself.

Yet my eyes were glued to her soft-like face, 
gaze, and appearance.

***ST02_20_00_06_06_00

？？？(CH02_0003)
『Oh, are you a customer who recently chose 
Neko-chan?』

主人公
『Ah, yeah...I guess.』

If you look closely, the long ears covered with fine 
hair stand out from between her hair. I wonder if she's 
a rabbit demi-human...Is she also a cast member of Demi Cafe?

***ST02_02_00_01_01_00

？？？(CH02_0004)
『I'm sorry for asking you a lot of questions 
without introducing myself. My name is Tomoe, I’m 
a cast member here.』

Tomoe-san...she gives off a calm and gentle 
atmosphere. It wouldn't be right to call her 
Tomoe-chan.

***ST02_00_00_01_01_00

兎萌(CH02_0005)
『I didn't mean to eavesdrop, but I heard the name 
“Neko-chan” and thought maybe...』

***ST02_00_00_01_01_00

兎萌(CH02_0006)
『“I misheard you...heehee. Thank god. Are you in a 
rush now?』

主人公
『No, I have time. I came here a moment ago, but I 
couldn't get along with Neko-chan, so I thought 
I'd try again...』

If it was really important the office would call. 
Whatever, I'm more interested in Tomoe-san, who 
knows about Neko-chan.

***ST02_00_00_02_01_00

兎萌(CH02_0007)
『I'm sorry. I don't want to stand in the middle of 
the aisle talking, so if you don't mind, I'd like 
to come over here for a minute...』

Tomoe looks towards the corner of the lobby and 
leads the way.

//画面、一旦暗転など
***BGround_BG99_01
***FadeInBlack

----

***FadeOutBlack
***BGround_BG05_01
***ST02_30_00_02_01_30

兎萌(CH02_0008)
『Thank you very much for choosing Neko-chan.』

After suddenly being bowed to deeply, I 
unintentionally stared at Tomoe-san with wonder, 
who spoke like the staff.

***ST02_30_00_01_01_30

兎萌(CH02_0009)
『Was I a little too formal? I started working here 
at the same time as Neko-chan and I’ve been 
getting along with her very well.』

主人公
『Is that right? Does Neko-chan laugh a lot in 
front of Tomoe-san?』

***ST02_30_00_05_00_30

兎萌(CH02_0010)
『Of course. Neko-chan is doing her best, but it seems 
like there have been a lot of customers who are a 
little too aggressive lately...so she tends to turn them down.』

After learning that Neko-chan could also laugh 
energetically, I was relieved rather than feeling 
down that I wasn’t the first.

***ST02_30_00_01_01_30

兎萌(CH02_0011)
『I've been busy for the past few days, and I 
haven't been able to talk to her about her 
problems like before...』

***ST02_30_00_02_01_30

兎萌(CH02_0012)
『I'm glad she was blessed with someone like you. 
I'm sorry for surprising you by bowing so 
suddenly, heehee.』

…I don’t think I’m one of those customers she 
mentioned earlier, right?

主人公
『Hearing that from you makes me want to be a good 
customer for Neko-chan. Otherwise, she might get 
fed up and quit Demi-Cafe...』

I've read online that some cast members move to 
another club because of certain customers they 
don't like.

I'm sure Neko-chan is in great demand.

***ST02_30_00_05_00_30

兎萌(CH02_0013)
『Hmm...I don't think she can, so it's weird for me 
to say this as a cast member, but please treat her 
well.』

Asking in such a gentle tone and voice...you'd 
naturally want to accept. But the words "don't 
think she can" stuck out in my mind.

主人公
『...don't think she can?』

兎萌(CH02_0014)
『Maybe 'don't think she will' is a better way to 
put it. Ah, please don't tell anyone you heard 
this from me.』

While gently looking at me, Tomoe-san had a little 
worried look in her eyes. I nod.

兎萌(CH02_0015)
『“Actually, I also suggested she quit. But she said 
that no matter what, she has to do her best 
here...that the only people she can rely on are here.』

***ST02_30_00_05_01_30

She said with compassionate intent.

兎萌(CH02_0016)
『Sorry, I don't know the details. I'd be glad if 
you could be with Neko-chan for a long time.』

As soon as she finishes talking, her calm and 
fluffy atmosphere returns.

***ST02_30_00_00_27_30

兎萌(CH02_0017)
『If you choose me, I'll give you plenty of service 
in return for looking after Neko-chan.』

With a sudden sweet smile and tone, she startles 
me. My feelings towards Neko-chan began to falter.

主人公
『W-well, I have to go now...』

***ST02_30_00_01_02_30

兎萌(CH02_0018)
『Please come visit again.』

//兎萌ハケ

***FadeInBlack
***BGM_FadeOut

I left the club with warm and kind words, 
completely different from Neko-chan.

***ST02_00_00_01_02_05

//黒画面
***BGround_BG99_00
***FadeOutBlack

According to Tomoe-san's story, Neko-chan is 
apparently lonely and there's no place for her to 
go other than the Demi-Stage Cafe.

So, even if she finds out my true motives, she 
won't go to another place. Or rather, she can't. 
That's why she's doing her best.

...I want to do a lot of things too. But that's 
after Neko-chan is able to give me an earnest 
smile.

I quickly made a reservation to choose Neko-chan 
tomorrow. The club's customer treatment is 
particularly better from the 4th visit.

 The booking went smoothly, and it was possible to 
have her for the whole day. Let's go see Neko-chan 
again tomorrow.


Next day--

***BGround_BG00_00

//黒画面終わり
//背景：ロビー

***BGround_BG01_01
***BGM_Mad_Trick

Work finished early today so I arrived at the club 
a little early. Time to get past the reception’s 
pleasantries.

As soon as I asked for Neko-chan at the reception, 
the staff member’s expression changed.

スタッフ
『I am terribly sorry, sir. We certainly did make 
your reservation, but it seems something went wrong 
in the system, so she's not available at the moment...』

主人公
『What? When I called, you said she was free all 
night...』

スタッフ
『“It is our mistake, so we will not charge you on 
the next visit. Please bring this.』

I received a card with an earnest apology. I guess 
if I show this, the next visit will be free.

Furthermore, I had Neko-chan’s next appointment 
booked out, and after being apologized to, I had 
no choice but to leave.

I have my doubts, but there's nothing I can do. 
I'll drop by the toilet before going home.

***BGM_FadeOut

//背景：黒画面（あるいはトイレ…あれば。ただ、ここでスタッフの会話が続くので黒画面だと退屈かもしれない）

***BGround_BG99_01

When I finished using the toilet, two staff 
members entered loudly, causing me to stop at the 
door.

***BGM_マーブルコーヒー


スタッフＡ
『*Sigh*“I've never seen the manager turn pale and 
run before. The other leaders also followed 
suit...』

So it's the staff making all the fuss, huh? 
...This is an awkward time to go out. What's more 
is that they're only having pointless chatter.

スタッフＢ
『It's Neko, right?』

...Huh? Neko-chan?

スタッフＡ
『Yeah, that Neko. Of all people, why did they 
choose her to take on the best VIP? She doesn't 
handle customers well or even "service" properly!』

スタッフＢ
『No clue, but I heard that a customer here 
suddenly asked for Neko.』

I listened carefully. Now I knew why my 
reservation was cancelled and the cause of the 
reception staff's attitude.

Someone who has a strong hold over the club came 
and called for Neko-chan.

スタッフＡ
『Oh, Neko...it's over for her. She’s going to get 
fired. Or maybe just a scolding?』

I don't know the details, but Neko-chan made a 
huge mistake to this big shot customer.

スタッフＢ
『Customers are leaving because of her attitude, 
and the only one left for her is this new 
person...』

That's probably me. Is this what Tomoe-san was 
thanking me for?

スタッフＡ
『“If she doesn't get fired, she'll probably be put 
through training to provide thorough 
entertainment, including the 'service'".』

That service is probably the best selling lead-in 
behind the scenes, where you can do all sorts of 
things.

You can tell from looking at the rooms. So the 
rumors on the net were true.

スタッフＢ
『I wonder if the kid can do it, considering she 
doesn't even know the selling point of this 
club...』

スタッフＡ
『She has to, otherwise we can't make up for this 
mistake. If the VIP leaves, this will be the least 
of our problems.』

スタッフＢ
『*Sigh* "If that happens, our salaries may be in 
danger...』

The two left the toilet with a masochistic 
laughter.

***BGM_FadeOut

//背景：店のフロント（最初のやつがあれば）

***BGround_BG00_00


I quietly left the club so I wasn't seen by the 
staff.

Recalling the conversation I just heard and the 
story from Tomoe-san, I began to feel gloomy...

Even if customers overlook her, it won't be long 
before people start to notice.

At this rate, Neko-chan may get broken in by 
another man. I want to avoid that.

That's it...

Everything should be okay if I keep choosing 
Neko-chan for her entire shift, from opening to 
closing.

Then rumors about Neko-chan offering service will 
be kept secret.

Fortunately, I have a decent amount of savings, 
since I have a nice job, with no hobbies or 
relationships.

She won't get fired if she can make money.

Because of the current situation, Neko-chan will 
be much more likely to offer better customer 
service.

She might even come onto me...What would I do 
then? My expectations and delusions begin to grow.

No, no, what am I thinking? I should be worried 
about Neko-chan, who is in a tough spot.

I rushed home, conflicted between selfish, 
perverted delusions and the desire to be a 
gentleman.

//背景：黒画面

***BGround_BG99_01
***BGM_異次元のセピア

The next day, when I called the Demi Cafe to make 
a reservation, they apologized again because 
Neko-chan was not available.

When I asked if it was her day off, they said yes, 
and recommended another cast member. I can't tell 
them that I know what happened yesterday.

I'm worried after what happened. I hope that her 
day off is just an excuse and they don't do 
anything crazy to her...

The next day, and the day after that, it was the 
same response, which made my worries and anxiety 
grow more and more.

And on the next day, I was finally able to make a 
reservation. I can see Neko-chan.




//背景：ロビー

***BGround_BG01_01
***BGM_Mad_Trick

I rush through reception and hurry towards 
Neko-chan's room with excitement.

I've had nothing but delusions, expectations, and 
worries these past few days, and now I just want 
to look at her face to feel at ease.

***BGM_END

//SE ドアガチャ音

***SE_door04

//背景：音瑚の部屋
***BGround3D_BG00_01

As soon as I opened the door, she ran up to me.

//音瑚立ち絵イン

***ST01_00_00_01_01_00

音瑚(CH01_0025)
『Hi, welcome. Thank you for coming to visit me 
today.』

***ST01_00_00_01_01_00

音瑚(CH01_0026)
『C-Come. Have a seat...please?』

She offers me a seat before looking at me.

***ST01_00_00_01_01_05


主人公
『Thank you.』

***ST01_50_00_01_01_50

音瑚(CH01_0027)
『Hmm. That...umm, please enjoy. I-I'll do my 
best...』

She sounds awkward, but this is probably Neko-chan 
trying her best at customer service.

I'm relieved that she didn't look overtly beaten 
up.

***ST01_50_00_06_00_50

音瑚(CH01_0028)
『Why are you suddenly staring at me?』

She's cheerful and supportive. Let's not show her 
that I know about what happened the other day.

No sighs and glares yet. This change...there's no 
mistaking it - she got a big scolding.

Let’s try not to betray Neko-chan yet. I want to 
be a gentleman to her for the time being.

主人公
『Ah, I was just thinking how energetic and happy 
you are. I'm glad to see you.』

***ST01_50_00_00_01_50


音瑚(CH01_0029)
『M-Me too, I guess...』

In the moment I quietly mumbled, Neko-chan came a 
little bit closer. A wonderful scent tickles my 
nose.

Her surprising reply and nice fragrance didn't 
just fluster me, it made me aroused. I can't take 
this.

主人公
『Oh right, I didn't order anything yet because I 
was in such a rush. I'll order now. Are you okay 
with drinks?』

***ST01_50_00_00_05_50


音瑚(CH01_0030)
『Ah, I don't really like alcoh...err...um...The 
alcohol in this cafe is pretty pricey, so you 
don't have to order it...』

Looks like she's still wary. But I want to buy 
into Neko-chan's efforts.

主人公
『I'm glad to see you again after such a long time, so 
I just wanted to treat you. I know you're not a 
drinker, but could you let me order even if you won't drink?』

***ST01_50_00_20_05_50


音瑚(CH01_0031)
『Ah, thank you...』

When I ordered and returned to my seat, Neko-chan 
looked troubled. No reluctance when I try to sit next 
to her. Looks as if she were staring out into the clouds.

***ST01_50_00_00_05_50

音瑚(CH01_0032)
『Really...you don't have to overdo it. Oh, the 
drinks are here. I'll get them!』

***ST01_50_00_00_05_60

I felt like I saw a little bit of her true self 
and resisted the urge to smile. She might say 
something again.

***SE_FOOTSTEPS_Trainers_Asphalt_Run_x8_loop_mono

It seems like she got the drinks.

***ST01_50_00_00_05_50

She comes back to her seat.

***ST01_50_00_06_00_50


音瑚(CH01_0033)
『*Sniff* "Huh...what's this? It doesn't smell like 
alcohol.』

I ordered a cliche drink, Kahlua Milk. Neko-chan 
is looking at the two glasses on the table with 
great interest.

***ST01_50_00_00_05_50


音瑚(CH01_0034)
『...Oh, right! Since you ordered it for me, I'll 
cast a spell on it in return for not being able to 
drink!』

主人公
『Eh? You're gonna do that thing?』

Today might be the most surprising day. 'That 
thing' is a performance where a girl presents a 
drink with a cute gesture.

This club is full of basic services like this, but 
I was flat out refused when I pestered them about 
it on my first visit.

***ST01_50_00_04_05_50

音瑚(CH01_0035)
『Yup! I'm not sure I can do it properly, but I am 
a cast member here after all.』

主人公
『Are you sure? You don't have to force 
yourself...』

***ST01_50_00_24_05_50


音瑚(CH01_0036)
『I'm not!』

She changed so suddenly. I tried to help her out, 
but it had the opposite effect. If she says she'll 
do it, then okay.

音瑚(CH01_0037)
『*Breathe* "Okay, here I go...』

***BGround_BG04_00
***Cinema_0100
***Face01_21_01


音瑚(CH01_0038)
『Me...Meow Meow Meow! The Cat Magic sends you 
energy and love!! Make it a very delicious 
drink!!』

I was a little captivated by it.

***Cinema_END
***ST01_50_00_20_06_50
***BGround3D_BG01_01


主人公
『Whoa...cute, as expected. Neko-chan, thank you 
very much.』



音瑚(CH01_0039)
『...』

***ST01_50_00_25_00_50


音瑚(CH01_0040)
『I-Itadakimasu!!!』

主人公
『Huh?』

***SE_drinking1
Without hesitation, the flush-faced Neko-chan 
grabbed the glass and drank all at once.

***ST01_50_00_26_00_50

音瑚(CH01_0041)
『Huh, this is...good...? It doesn't taste like 
alcohol.』

***ST01_50_00_20_01_50


主人公
『But drinking it so suddenly...You're not good 
with alcohol, right?』

音瑚(CH01_0042)
『But I feel perfectly fine. Unlike the clear 
liquor, this has almost no taste of alcohol. Kinda 
like coffee and milk...』

Her face is still bright red, and I can't tell if 
it's because she drank quickly."

音瑚(CH01_0043)
『Look, try it. I'm not lying.』

主人公
『I know you're not lying.』

***ST01_50_00_21_02_50


音瑚(CH01_0044)
『It's good...right? Let's drink.』

主人公
『...I'd love to, but you're almost empty... I'm 
glad you like it. Shall I ask for more?』

***ST01_50_00_22_02_50


音瑚(CH01_0045)
『Yeah! I'll drink.』

//黒画面
***BGround_BG99_01
***ST01_00_00_00_00_05


----...

After that, I ordered two or three more drinks, 
and she gulped them down while frolicking like a 
kid.

She even drank what was left in my glass and then 
fell asleep, giving me no time to take pleasure in 
that indirect kiss.

***SE_MOVEMENT_Snow_RR1_mono

In any case, let's take her to the bed.

//ここからシネマ


***BGround3D_BG00_01
***Cinema_0000

音瑚(CH01_0046)
『Zzz...zzz...zzz...』


***LoopCV_0000


She seems to be sleeping peacefully. She doesn't 
handle alcohol well, right...?

It would be bad if something happens, so I'll 
stick around. She's just...sleeping, right?

I was a little worried, so I poked her cheek.


***Cinema_0001



音瑚(CH01_0047)
『...M...meow...ah, fuu...』

Thank god. She doesn't seem to be in a coma from 
all the drinking. Even so, her skin is so soft.

It's a little moist, warm to the touch, and looks 
like it would stick to my fingertips.

Right as I thought about it, the lower half of my 
body reacted.

Now you can touch her. It's okay, just a touch.

***Cinema_0002


Ooh...it feels so smooth and slippery, it's hard 
to comprehend.

How about her chest...

***Cinema_0003

Whoaaaa...a superb feeling, as I expected. No, 
better than expected! I honestly want to lick 
them. I want to keep playing with them.

音瑚(CH01_0048)
『Zzzz...zzz...n...』

***Cinema_0004


Oh, shit. Did I wake her? What should...

音瑚(CH01_0049)
『Meo...zzz...oo...zzz...nn...zzz...』

Safe...I'll wake her up after one more touch. Just 
one last touch...

***Cinema_0005


音瑚(CH01_0050)
『Ah, ngh...ahh...』

I was completely erect from her voice...I was 
looking and touching up close and getting ready 
for action, but caught fire.

It's curling up in my pants and it hurts. It 
doesn't look like she'll get up yet. I wanna pull 
it out while touching her thighs...


***Cinema_0006


音瑚(CH01_0051)
『...Zzz...Zzz...』

Soft, plump, and sexy. But she doesn't respond as 
much as her chest. So Neko-chan's most erogenous 
zone is her chest...

No good. I can't stand it anymore...Hard...She'll 
definitely notice if I put it in. But it's a waste 
for me to keep stroking like this. It's pitiful.

***Cinema_0007


主人公
『I can't put it in...』

***Cinema_0008


While paying close attention to her reaction, I 
take out my overwhelmingly hard cock. When I rub it 
against her plump thighs, the precum acts as a lotion.

主人公
『Mmmm...』

The head is getting sucked in between the legs 
more easily than I expected, and it feels tight 
around my dick, with her soft skin so warm.

It feels good...so slippery...

***Cinema_0009


音瑚(CH01_0052)
『Hmm...zzz...,...zzz...』

I want to thrust hard. As hard as I can. But I 
want to keep savoring this indescribable feeling.

I'm dry humping Neko-chan. With a cute sleeping 
face, I've probably touched skin and thighs that 
no one has before... Good...very good.


I want to cum on her face...But if I move too 
much, she'll get up. And yet I can't stop. I'm 
cumming...

***Cinema_0010

主人公
『Ah...』

//射精、ぶっかけ

***LoopCV_FadeOut
***Cinema_0011

音瑚(CH01_0053)
『Hmm...uhh...huh...?』

***BGround_BG99_00
***Cinema_END

...She woke up. And I'm stuck in this sort of 
position, my cock still pulsing and shooting out 
cum.

音瑚(CH01_0054)
『Hmm...what...water? Was I sleeping...?』



音瑚(CH01_0055)
『Eh...what is this...it smells...eh?!! No 
way...What is this?!!』

What great timing...What should I do...

音瑚(CH01_0056)
『Eh...you, what are you...eh, eh...no no no...what 
are you doing?!』

主人公
『No, uh, this is...』

***BGround3D_BG00_01
***ST01_00_00_03_03_00


音瑚(CH01_0057)
『You must be joking!! What filthy thing did you do 
to me? It's slimy... hey! What is the meaning of 
this?!』

主人公
『Well, that's because Neko-chan...tempted me...』

***ST01_40_00_03_03_00


音瑚(CH01_0058)
『Huh?! Like hell I would!! I-I was just responding 
nicely, and there's nothing lewd about it. I'm not 
tempting you at all! How dirty!』

主人公
『Generally one would be on guard when falling 
asleep in this type of situation...』

音瑚(CH01_0059)
『I just fell asleep because of the alcohol! Don't 
get me wrong!』

音瑚(CH01_0060)
『Just hurry up and stop with the indecency 
already! I'm calling the staff!』

Shit. Calling for the staff here would be 
catastrophic, let alone no one would save 
Neko-chan...

I don't know what to do. I'm in a panic and can't 
think straight. Before I knew it, I was yelling 
out loud.

主人公
『This is that kind of place! And you messed up big 
time the other day, right? Now you have to do it 
with customers, right?!』

***Face01_04_04

音瑚(CH01_0061)
『Why do you know that...』

主人公
『I didn't mean to force myself on you, but if 
you're taken by another guy...』

When Neko-chan spread her thighs, I could see my 
stringy cum stretch.

Her flushed face, and wonderful fragrance...they 
overwhelm the senses. My dick surprisingly stood 
up again.

音瑚(CH01_0062)
『You're right that I n-need to be chosen...but I-I 
don't need THAT! I'm not going to resort to it! 
Get out!』

If I leave now, I won't be able to see her face 
anymore. In fact, she'll surely be taken by 
another man.


***Face01_03_03


音瑚(CH01_0063)
『“I said get out!! What are you looking at! Get 
out!』

Neko-chan, who doesn't understand the situation, 
completely refused and blood rose to her head.

主人公
『...! Neko-chan has no choice but to do it!!』

***ST01_05_00_00_00_05
***BGround_BG99_01


It's the same for me. If she's still going to 
resist, I have no choice but to force it. No 
choice but to make her understand...!

音瑚(CH01_0064)
『No, what, what are you doing?! Don't come any 
closer!!!』

Was it a protective instinct, greed, or just lust? 
Without thinking, I pushed Neko-chan down.

//レイプへ

***Scene_強姦ＯＰ

　







































































































































































































































