//黒画面
***BGround_BG99_01

音瑚(CH01_0065)
『Haah---, haah--, *sob*... *sob*... --, haah--』

I came as much as I wanted, and moved as much I 
wanted too. And yet, it's still doesn't feel 
enough...

主人公
『No matter how much you reject me... In the end, 
you have no choice but to do this with someone. 
Sooner or later, it would have turned out like this.』

音瑚(CH01_0066)
『*sob*... kuh... uu.... haah... haah....』

主人公
『To begin with, since you've got no clients other 
than me, nobody's gonna book you, no? So I'll keep 
booking you everyday myself.』

主人公
『You don't get a say in it, not anymore. You have 
no choice but to keep me company.』

I've really done it now. She's probably never 
going to ever smile at me again.

Besides, now that I've savoured her body once, I 
have no intention of letting things continue as 
they were before.


***BGround_BG99_01
//---------------------------------------------

And so, I left the room.

//扉バタン
***SE_DOOR_Wood_Bedroom_Close_01_mono
And headed towards the lobby.

***SE_FOOTSTEPS_Leather_Wood_Hollow_Walk_x8_loop_mono
//足音

Everything I just did was spur of the moment. But 
I suppose it is what it is.

If I keep coming here regularly and splurging on 
her, a cast member like her with huge debt yet no 
customers

will finally start bringing in money too. If so, 
they probably won't chase her out or block her 
from taking customers either.

The club has make her earn money somehow. Even if 
it's the most forceful option...


//背景：ロビー

***BGround_BG01_01

//ロビーBGM
***BGM_Mad_Trick

The moment I left her room behind and got up to 
the lobby, someone called out to me from behind.

？？？(CH02_0019)
『Fufuh, I see you enjoyed yourself with her for 
quite some time today.』

主人公
『Ah, erhm....』

I turn around. It was a voice I remembered, but 
I'd forgotten her name.

//兎萌立ち絵イン

***ST02_00_00_01_01_00
兎萌(CH02_0020)
『It's Tomoe. I'm sorry for suddenly calling out to 
you like that.』

主人公
『Aah, please don't worry about that.』

***ST02_00_00_02_01_00
兎萌(CH02_0021)
『Fufuh, did you reserve Neko-chan again? You 
really have taken a liking to her, haven't you?』

She laughed happily, not knowing what actually 
went down.

***ST02_00_00_01_01_00
兎萌(CH02_0022)
『You've been coming here for a while now, have you 
gotten used to things here? You probably have 
quite some points now too, n o?』

主人公
『Points? ...No, I can't say I do, it's the first 
I'm hearing about a point system...』

The moment I say that, shock fills her face, only 
to be replaced by a wry, bitter smile.

***ST02_00_00_05_01_00
兎萌(CH02_0023)
『Good lord, Neko-chan... He's being so good to you 
too, and you completely forgot about it.』

***BGM_FadeOut


***ST02_01_00_01_01_00
兎萌(CH02_0024)
『Here, please take it. Don't tell anyone it was me 
who gave it to you, okay?』

//兎萌立ち絵はけ
***ST02_01_00_01_01_05
//ポイント説明画表示
***BGround_BG06_01

//ポイント説明状態BGM
***BGM_ティータイム

兎萌(CH02_0025)
『It's the reward card of our cafe. The more you 
enjoy yourself here, the more points you'll gain.』

兎萌(CH02_0026)
『Whenever you're leaving, make sure that the cast 
member you've booked fills it up for that day, 
okay?』


***BGround_BG07_01

兎萌(CH02_0027)
『With the points, let's see... for example, you 
can change Neko-chan's appearance to your liking.』

兎萌(CH02_0028)
『You can even redeem them to unlock some special 
'services'.』

***BGround_BG09_01

兎萌(CH02_0029)
『Right, there's also... a special sort of 'play' 
that you can unlock, with both me and her, under 
certain special conditions, fufuh.』

主人公
『Tomoe-san... You're a lot more reliable than the 
staff here, you know that?』

兎萌(CH02_0032)
『Fufuh, I suppose it's the experience from my 
dayjob coming in handy. Right, other than that...』

***BGround_BG10_01

兎萌(CH02_0033)
『I'm stating the obvious but there's only a 
certain amount of hours per night. So you can't do 
everything you want per day however you wish.』

兎萌(CH02_0034)
『How much time it takes and how many points you 
earn depend on what you do with her so, please do 
plan out how you want to enjoy each day.』

***BGround_BG99_01
***BGM_END

兎萌(CH02_0035)
『I suppose that's about it for the point card?...』

兎萌(CH02_0036)
『For now, you don't need to overthink it, just use 
them however you want, I'd say.』


//ポイント説明画面終わり
//ロビーBGM
***BGM_Mad_Trick
//兎萌立ち絵イン

***BGround_BG01_01
***ST02_00_00_00_01_00

兎萌(CH02_0037)
『Sorry for holding you up for so long. I know you 
were about to head home but I...』

主人公
『Ah, no...』

***ST02_00_00_01_01_00

兎萌(CH02_0038)
『Ah, right. I'll put lots of points onto your card, to 
make up for Neko-chan forgetting to give it to you 
until now. I truly do apologize for that girl's actions.』

I held out my hand and the card on it to 
Tomoe-san, who seem to have filled it up with 
points.

***ST02_00_00_05_01_00

兎萌(CH02_0039)
『So in return, please overlook it this once and 
forgive her for not giving it to you herself. 
Please.』

***ST02_00_00_02_01_00

兎萌(CH02_0040)
『I put in lots of them so, do try it out for 
yourself, okay? Well then, that's all from me....』

//兎萌立ち絵はけ

***ST02_00_00_02_01_05

The Demi Stage Cafe Reward card, huh... From what 
she said, I can use this for a ton of stuff.

***BGM_FadeOut

Do I use it right now, or keep saving up more....

***Scene_ポイントカードへ


//ポイントカード画面

//インサルト・オーダーＯＰ・終わり




































